---
layout: default
sitemap: false
description: General Discussion, no voting.
date: 2010-06-29
time:
  open: "19:10"
  close: "19:30"
author: Unknown
signed: Unsigned
tally: Unknown
---

## Agenda

No Agenda Available

---

## Meeting

#### {{ page.tally }} Members Present

Member names not taken

#### Notes

Opened
:{{ page.time.open }}

* lawrence opens the meeting at ten past seven
* first aid kit, there are a couple of options, a wall mount kit would
  be nice if we can afford it.
* banking - james to be given access by buzz to do the banking
* clinton asked about the little birdy affiliate link, it just gets
  done in the background
* logo comp closes this weekend.
* costing of tools has been done, nothing is needed desperately
  space.
* bit of a discussion of the edge meetings, and the possibility of
  having them be official hackerspace meetings.
* bit of discussion about robowars
* meeting closed at seven thirty.

Closed
:{{ page.time.close }}

#### Records

Minuted
:{{ page.author }}

Signed
:{{ page.signed }}
