---
layout: default
sitemap: false
description: Public Liability, Various expenditure, etching station, linusher
date: 2011-11-01
time:
  open: "19:45"
  close: "20:30"
author: Unknown
signed: Unsigned
tally: 14
---

## Agenda

No Agenda Available

---

## Meeting

#### {{ page.tally }} Members Present

* Daniel Fielding
* James Churchill
* Sidney Watters
* Trent Waddington
* Brendan Halliday
* Luke Hovington
* Vince Sutton
* Lawrence Dixon
* David Bussenschutt
* Luke Johnston
* Lionel Theunisson
* Sean McGrady
* Joshua Hogendorn
* Raj Gohil.

#### Notes

Opened
:{{ page.time.open }}

Actionable Items resulting from meetings:

1. Public Liability  - Vote 14 members in favour of getting public liability as per agenda.
2. Pallet Racking - 4.2m high & storage  - vote taken, approving storage items ( tubs and plastic items ) to a value of $200
3. cutting tools - voted - 14 in favour of  $150  worth of cutting tools.
4. assorted tools including ultrasonic cleaner to max of $250 - approved by unanimous vote. 
5. drills ( not bits) approved by vote to a max of $150 for 2x sets of drills   - 14 in favour.
6. cleanup and labels - all ppl to action, please keep the place clean, and label anything you bring int to the space! 
7. roofing space outside ( for furnace etc ) , voted and failed.   1 in favour, 13 against. 
8. OK ! 

Other business: 

* Etching station budget voted on, and approved to a value of $200 conditional on documentation being completed, and independent testing. approx 14 in favour.

* Linusher/Grinder vote -  Sean offerere to donate $200 toward the value of a Linusher, so we could look to purchase a larger unit,  THe Group approves vote to spend approx $260 of existing group funds + seans $200 donation to purchase a suitable "combo" linusher/grinder unit.   14 in favour, 0 against.

Closed
:{{ page.time.close }}

#### Records

Minuted
:{{ page.author }}

Signed
:{{ page.signed }}
