---
layout: default
sitemap: false
description: Alex W elected secretary, 3 month grace implemented, Lathe voted to buy, rfid locking on expensive tools, website
date: 2011-02-15
time:
  open: "20:02"
  close: "21:20"
author: Unknown
signed: Unsigned
tally: 10
---

## Agenda

MeetingAgenda

---

## Meeting

#### {{ page.tally }} Members Present

* Lawrence "Lemming" Dixon (President)
* Travis Howse
* Luke Johnston
* Joel Byrnes (Treasurer)
* David "Buzz" Bussenschutt
* James Churchill
* Luke Hovington
* Daniel Fielding
* Michael Chambers
* Alex Wilson
* Sean Mailander

#### Absentee Votes

* Matt Costa (via email)

#### Notes

Opened
:{{ page.time.open }}

Lemming informs the group about the resignation of secretary John Williams due to other time commitments.

**Call for nominations** for a new secretary. Lemming nominates Alex W for the position. No other nominations are put forward.

**Motion** to elect the new secretary -- passes, Alex W elected unopposed. Will serve until the AGM in May.

**Agenda item (Lemming)** -- time limit for non-financial members before access termination.

* Buzz notes that current rules actually specify instant expiry
* Lemming proposes a 6 month grace.
* Other members suggest that 6 months is too lenient
* Motion for a 3 month expiry policy, provided member given sufficient notification -- passes, with 8 members for.

**Agenda item (Lemming)** -- purchase of new equipment

* Items discussed: Metal Lathe, Benchtop Power Supply, Laser Cutter, Bandsaw, Sanders
* Lemming notes that a Lathe would be useful for his projects, and he is willing to contribute $500 to the cost
* Luke J. notes a lack of space for a lathe, and suggests the wall should be a priority
* James notes that the lathe gives a lot of cross-over with existing Mens' Shed organisations, and in his opinion that a Laser Cutter would be a better investment and fit with the culture of the Space.
* Lemming responds that more tools should lead to increased membership which leads to more funds available to buy expensive tools such as the Laser Cutter.
* **Indicative vote** -- for Laser Cutter versus Lathe, Laser Cutter is the stronger, 7 votes to 5.
* Discussion around prices, current funds and other items possible
* **Motion** for the purchase of a Lathe, plus associated tooling, including a $500 contribution from Lemming and $50 from Dan -- passes, 6 votes for (including 1 via email from Matt Costa).

**Agenda item (Lemming)** -- technical access control for expensive equipment
* Lemming notes that expensive equipment can be damaged by untrained users and proposes the need to discuss access control by technical measure.
* Luke J. suggests for discussion the Techshop system used overseas with long-range RFID and indicator lights.
* Other RFID-based suggestions are made.
* Joel begins discussion around a social contract system, proposes a simple shared key box.
* James notes that implementing a technical control measure and then taking out insurance based on this could lead to liability in the case of a failure of the technical control.
* Consensus seems to be that technical control is unnecessary, no formal motion is passed.

**Discussion** about financial situation, bank balance and safety buffers for "worst case" scenarios.

* Joel (Treasurer) to do some projections to better understand the bank balance that should be maintained.

**Proposal** to add a list to the website of proposed purchases for members to discuss and vote.

* Consensus agreement

**Discussion** about completing the far wall at the back of the space and securing the buildling

* Buzz to quote on costs for this project

Closed
:{{ page.time.close }}

#### Records

Minuted
:{{ page.author }}

Signed
:{{ page.signed }}
