---
layout: default
sitemap: false
description: Port Hack Budgeting, Lifetime membership, Insurance, Tool Marking, Keys, Storage crates
date: 2012-11-06
time:
  open: "21:54"
  close: "22:47"
author: Unknown
signed: Unsigned
tally: 14
---

## Agenda

No Agenda Available

---

## Meeting

#### {{ page.tally }} Members Present

* James Bowler
* Sam Pryor
* Adrian Spoljarevic
* Joshua Hogendoorn
* David Baker
* Luke Hovington
* Brendan Halliday
* David Bussenschutt
* Lawrence Dixon (Proxy)
* Sidney Watters
* Timothy Reichle
* Hayden Petrick
* Brendan Carmichael
* Joel Chia

#### Notes

Opened
:{{ page.time.open }}

* Item 1: Port Hack Budgeting. The group voted for the new budget to be set at $1500 with no reimbursements that would take us above that. 13 for, 1 against.
* Item 2: Reimbursements for materials on the weekend. All were in favour for reimbursing Eric for $150 for the running of his water blasting equipment over the cleanup days. A vote was then held regarding reimbursements consisting of the following:

  * Sidney W  $100 for termite poison.
  * Joshua H- $150 for tools used on the weekend (kneepads, scrapers, etc), $218 in wood for replacing termite eaten doorframes.
  * Joel C- $63 in supplies to make food for the Saturday.
  * James B - $70 for the staminade drinks used on the days.

  All in all, the group voted to reimburse all of this.

* Item 3: Regarding the proposal of the creation Lifetime membership, all were in favour of this being created. Once a member has paid 10 years membership, whether in a lump sum or over a period of time, they automatically earn membership for life.
* Item 4: Property and Contents Insurance. A vote was passed with 7 in favour of the Insurance level of $100,000 being set.
* Item 5: Budget for marking of HSBNE tools. The group voted to set a budget of $100 to acquire materials to mark HSBNE tools clearly.
* Item 6: Keys to the new site for David (Buzz) and Lawrence (Lemming) for use if the security systems malfunction. Vote passed for both to have keys.
* Item 7: The Exec would like to acquire some more storage crates with $500 budget. The group voted in favour of acquiring the crates with a $500 budget.

Closed
:{{ page.time.close }}

#### Records

Minuted
:{{ page.author }}

Signed
:{{ page.signed }}
