---
layout: meeting
sitemap: false
description: Lathe tooling/fluid, new website, cleaning supplies, bins, filastruder.
date: 2013-04-02
time:
  open: "20:53"
  close: "21:44"
members:
  - James Bowler
  - Aaron Bycroft
  - Tim Reiche
  - Brendan Halliday
  - Brendan Carmichael
  - Sven Hanzka
  - James Churchill
  - Josh Hogendorn
  - Luke Hovington
  - Hayden Petrick
  - Simeon Higgs
  - Sidney Watters
  - Ben Cooper
  - Dylan Lacey
  - Sean McGrade
author: Unknown
signed: Unsigned
---

## Agenda

No Agenda Available

---

## Meeting Notes

* Lathe Tooling:
  Discussion was had over what tooling was required and this would cover just basic tooling (parting/boring/etc bars). Vote was held and it was passed unanimously with the $200 budget..

* Metal cutting fluid:
* A proposed budget was set at $200. Vote was unanimously in favour of acquiring cutting fluid within that budget.

* Benchtop PSU:
  Discussion was held on this and it was tabled to get a budget.

* New Website:
  A discussion was had about the new site and a vote was taken to move to it to replace the current Google Sites site. The vote was unanimous.

* Cleaning Supplies:
  Josh announced that a quantity of cleaning supplies had been bought with the president’s monthly expenditure. It was asked to please make use of them, but not wastingly.

* Bins:
  There was discussion over how many bins to get as it had been determined that we needed them. A vote was taken for the purchase of 6 80L bins at, $55 each. All were in favour.

* Female Hygiene Service:
  A vote was held on whether or not to pay for a Feminine Hygiene service in the female toilets to be managed by an external company. All were in favour, providing we got a second deodorant for the mens.

* Filastruder:
  It was proposed that HSBNE back a project on Kickstarter to obtain a Filament Extruder(Filastruder). A vote was held and all were in favour.
