---
layout: meeting
sitemap: false
description: HSBNE Rules/Bylaws, Membership for Work, Payment Processing
date: 2013-05-07
time:
  open: "20:15"
  close: "21:45"
members:
  - Geoffrey Lean
  - David Buzz
  - Hayden Petrick
  - Mathew Leeper
  - Timothy Reichle
  - Alan Blake
  - James Bowler
  - Ben Hockley
  - Aaron Bycroft
  - Tharanga Kasthuriarachchi
  - Josh Hogendorn
  - Sidney Watters
  - Luke Hovington
  - James Churchill
  - Brendan Hall
  - Brendan Halliday
  - Sven Hanzka
author: Brendan Halliday
signed: Joshua Hogendorn
---

## Agenda

No Agenda Available

---

## Meeting Notes

* Agenda Item: Amending Management Committee Maximum Term
  All voted in favour of amending rule 18 (5) to read “A member may not hold the same position on the management committee for more than 2 consecutive years.”

* Agenda Item: Conflicts of Interest.
  A conflict of interest was determined to be when you are making a profit from the group. Tabled for voting at the AGM.

* Agenda Item: Removing the Membership Grace Period.
  A vote was taken - All were in favour of removing the grace period.

* Agenda Item: Tracking Resignations.
  Discussion was had regarding this and it was agreed that If you are in arrears or not paid up, you have resigned.

* Agenda Item: New Dispute Resolution System (Red Card/Yellow Card).
  There was general agreeance on the concept but that the specifics need to be decided on.

* Agenda Item: Vetting Members.
  There was discussion over what many Hackerspaces do and a few options came up including:

  - Members vouching for new members after several visits.
  - ‘Duty Officers’ vouching for new members and vetting them.

* Agenda Item: Vetting/Enforcing Student Membership.
  A vote was held and it was decided that we would continue operating under the honor system and we would not vet this unless it was obvious.

* Agenda Item: Woofing.
  Voted in favour of having volunteer work in recompense for membership, giving the executive the discretion to decide on these. 10% of current membership can be defined in these roles. (Scales to 3 currently.) 17 in favour total, none dissenting.

* Agenda Item: City2South Proposal.
  Discussion was had over the City2South proposal and a vote was held with 18 in favour of the exec giving access and negotiating costs for City2South.

* Agenda Item: Membership Payment Processing.
  Discussion was had and the membership were generally in favour of approaching using payment gateway to automatically reconcile membership payments. Specifics like whether or not HSBNE would absorb the processing fees to be later decided. (It was suggested that members could choose whether or not to pay for it.)

* Non Agenda Items:
  Paul Liddy brought up the fact that the compound saw’s blade needing maintenance. Will be raised in the next meeting’s Agenda.
