---
layout: meeting
sitemap: false
description: Votes for Micro Dots, reminder of ticketing and mouse trap challenge
date: 2014-06-17
time:
  open: "20:15"
  close: "20:25"
members:
  - Daniel Tullemans
  - Brendan Carmichael
  - Hamish McGregor
  - Chang-yi Yao
  - Alan Blake
  - Lionel Theunissen
  - Mike Ando
  - Matheus Ruggiero
  - Timothy Reichle
  - Tim Owen
  - Sidney Watters
  - Brendan Halliday
  - Eric Reader
  - Aaron Bycroft
  - Jimmy Bowler
  - Luke Hovington
  - Doug Miller
  - Karl Richardson
  - Geoffrey Lean
  - Simeon Higgs
  - Victor Vicario
  - Timeka Beecham
author: Timeka Beecham
signed: Victor Vicario
---

## Agenda

#### Votes
* $150 for microdots
* buying acrylic for general use

#### Discussion
* Causes need policy/rules. Currently on hold because we're below $10k
* Update on how to utilise the ticket system
* Update regarding Sean's stuff, and our legal advice regarding it.

#### Announcements
* Mouse Trap Challenge

---

## Meeting Notes

Vote for Micro dot security spray for $150, 
Luke tells us that they claim it will mark up to 600 tools
Bear tells us that the police aren’t using them much and that they still rely on serial numbers
Current HSBNE finances sitting around $8500
For-8
Against-6
Abstain-4

Mouse trap challenge is this Saturday. Victor shows us the mouse traps that are going to be used and tells us that we have to use the mouse trap to propel the vehicle. 

Ticketing must be done. If you don’t put a ticket on your property and projects, they will be red ticketed. 
Karl said red tickets have been removed from his stuff in the past, and then move. 
Luke mentioned it’s not a punishment and we just want to make sure the items are owned and not rubbish.

Victor tells people about making a forum account and that we communicate on the forums a lot.  

Aaron wants a strip heater for bending acrylic, and wants to add it to the agenda for next meeting.

Luke asks for member to come forward who put through a payment without marking who it was from.

Update from executive on Sean’s stuff- We can’t keep it for the space. It still belongs to Sean. It is being stored down the side of the building.
