---
layout:default
description: Approval of New Rules, Expenditure, Laser Cutter.
Date:2014-04-15
time: 
    open: "20:38"
    close: "21:11"
author: Ben Cooper
signed: Ben Cooper
tally: 27
---

## Agenda

New Rules

---

## Meeting

#### {{ page.tally }} Members Present

*Brendan Halliday
*Sarah-Jane Proud
*James Beecham
*Ben Cooper
*Joshua Hogendorn
*Aaron Bycroft
*Robert
*James Churchill
*Victor
*Karl Richardson
*Daniel Tullemans
*Blair Calderara
*Timeka Beecham
*Hamish McGregor
*Darryn Ardndtt
*Sam Payor
*Simeon Higgs
*Luke Hovington
*David Buzz
*Sven Svenska

#### Notes

Opened
:{{ page.time.open }}

*New Rules
Josh:
At last agm we voted in new rules
New exec put in some rules, no copy of said rules
Next exec couldnt do it either
Buzz and josh and ben and nog then re wrote them
All onine an open to be read

Changes: 
Membership lapsing
Allow discounting of memebership by exec
Removal of memebership
Clarify executive positions
Clarify eligibility criteria for membership on executive
Prevent leading ballots
Change managament committee removal
Changed rule on meeting being called
Changed workding around chief exec
Petty cash rules removed

Jimmy objects to the mangement committee removal rules being changed 
Svenska objects to the English testing requirement for entry to the management committee
See github PR for full list and explanations

*Buzz puts forward the motion that we vote these rules in thier entirety

In favour: 20
Against: 4

Motion passed

*Covering the costs of the kickstarter video
3-5 minute video would cost $8000

$250 is required to reimburse the person who shot
$50 for misc, $200 in parts

In favour: 22
Against: 2

Motion Passed.

*Costs of laser cutting time:

Jimmy puts forward that we charge members to use time on the laser cutter:

$1 for 10 minutes
$60 an hour

People who paid money for the laser cutter, any money the put in is credited at $1 per hour.
ie: $50 = 50 hours.

Bear would like to know the running expenses.

$320 per tube, rated at 3000 hours.

Brendan has highlighted that this is what the cause system is for.

Timeka has said that can be managed by the dontations tin. same system as the reprap printers.

Infavour: 21
Against: 2

Motion Passed

The google mailing list has been closed

The laser cutter is supervised use only on tuesday nights till inductions are done.

Closed
:{{ page.time.close }}

#### Records


Minuted
:{{ page.author }}

Signed
:{{ page.signed }}

Members in attendance:
Brendan Halliday
Sarah-Jane Proud
James Beecham
Ben Cooper
Joshua Hogendorn
Aaron Bycroft
Robert
James Churchill
Victor 
Karl Richardson
Daniel Tullemans
Blair Calderara
Timeka Beecham
Hamish McGregor
Hayden Petrick
Darryn Arndtt
Sam Payor
Simeon Higgs
Luke Hovington
David Bruenschutt
Sven
