---
layout: meeting
description: Project Manager elections for G20 cultural parade projects, new cause system, minor rule changes
date: 2014-10-21
time:
  open: "20:18"
  close: "20:38"
members:
  - Lachlan Gordon
  - Aaron Bycroft
  - Timeka Beecham
  - James Beecham
  - Mike Ando
  - Brendan Halliday
  - Chang-Yi Yao
  - James Churchill
  - Chris Holzworth
  - Samuel Janetzki
  - Blair Calderara (Chairperson)
  - Beau Sandford
  - Joshua Hogendorn
  - Luke Hovington
  - Brendan Carmichael
guests:
  - Don McGuinness
  - Jolie Kernick
  - Michal Janetzki
  - Matthew R
  
author: Brendan Carmichael
signed: 
---

## Agenda

Luke to give report about our financials.

Blair Calderara:  Purchase electronics to top up our supplies of common components.
    $18 for a restock of resistors.
    $14.30 for transistors
    $14.35 for partial restock of capacitors
    $7 for 30m of solid core hookup wire
    $53.65 Total.

Luke Hovington, Brendan Carmichael: Vote for who can spend money for the parade robot (without further meetings).

Luke Hovington, Brendan Carmichael: Vote for who can spend money for the parade wearables (without further meetings).

James Beecham, Aaron Bycroft: $20 concrete for access ramp to quad. 2 bags of 20 kg

Joshua Hogendorn: The new cause system as proposed

Joshua Hogendorn: Some minor rule changes

Joshua Hogendorn: Some new policy around guests

---

## Meeting Notes

Luke to give report about our financials.
Luke advised against unnecessary spending.  We are currently at approximately $5k, which we can't spend.

Blair Calderara: Spend $53.65 on electronic top up (resistors, transistors, capacitors, hookup wire).
5 for, 3 against.  The main consideration against was due to our poor financial situation.

Luke Hovington, Brendan Carmichael: Vote for who can spend money for the parade robot (without further meetings).
13 for Karl Richardson to be project manager for the G20 cultural parade robot, 0 against.  The project manager is able to spend up to the $2500 budget, without further approval from the group.  The project manager must provide receipts and/or invoices to the Treasurer.  No other people were nominated.

Luke Hovington, Brendan Carmichael: Vote for who can spend money for the parade wearables (without further meetings).
10 for Victor Vicario to be project manager for the G20 cultural parade wearables and workshop, 1 against.  The project manager is able to spend up to the $2500 budget, without further approval from the group.  The project manager must provide receipts and/or invoices to the Treasurer.  No other people were nominated.

James Beecham, Aaron Bycroft: $20 concrete for access ramp to quad. 2 bags of 20 kg
Concrete requested for wheel chair accessibility between the greenroom and the courtyard.
11 for, 1 against.

Joshua Hogendorn: The new cause system as proposed
Josh presented a new cause system and asked for it to be voted in, detailed at https://github.com/HSBNE/Policy/pull/18/
Required Rule change:
> #### 28. Appointment of subcommittees
> ~~1. There is no subcommittee system in the HSBNE Constitution, as such the management committee may NOT appoint a subcommittee.~~
> 
> 1. Subcommitties as defined by the 'Cause' bylaws may be appointed.
> 2. Subcommitties of types not defined by the 'Cause' bylaws may not be
> appointed.

Cause Policy itself:
> ## Cause Policy
> 
> Causes are micro groups within HSBNE that are empowered to direct funds towards
> their own interests without having to convince merit to the group as a whole. In
> exchange for autonomy, Causes take some responsibility for the upkeep and
> community building of the hackerspace.
> 
> This means that (for example) a group of blacksmithers can direct funds
> specifically towards their interests (ie a new anvil) without having to convince
> the wider group of its merit as an expenditure. It means they can maintain their
> area and buy appropriate consumables for it.
> 
> ### The one big caveat
> 
> When total funds of the hackerspace drop below the marker defined by the
> Treasurer, all cause fund allocation freezes until the general bank balance
> recovers.
> 
> This marker is currently defined as *$10,000*
> 
> ### As a cause member
> 
> You may allocate up to *25%* of your monthly dues towards up to *Three* causes,
> which gains you membership in those causes and voting rights. You can change
> these allocations once per month by contacting the Treasurer and notifying them
> of your preferences.
> 
> ### As a cause leader
> 
> #### Minimum Requirements
> 
> At a minimum, to exist a cause must have:
> 
> 1. One leader
> 2. Five members total
> 3. Committed to the contribution rules
> 4. Approval from an executive majority vote
> 5. Registered themselves with the Treasurer
> 6. A wiki page (on the HSBNE domain) stating
>  * The current leader.
>  * The cause objectives.
>  * Causes contribution details (classes, area of upkeep etc).
> 
> #### Cause Contributions
> 
> Causes must contribute back to the hackerspace as defined by the executive.
> Failure to meet these obligations in a calendar month will result in no funds
> being allocated for that month. The current rules for contribution are:
> 
> 1. One **unique** class run per 10 cause members per month.
>  * ie: 10 members = 1 class, 11 members = 2 classes.
>  * **Unique** means separate classes, not repeating the same class. ie: lathe
>  use and welding, or intro to soldering and oscilloscope 101
> 2. Obligation to ‘own’ a physical area of the hackerspace and be responsible for
>  its upkeep and appearance.
> 3. Grants specifically for the cause must also have some contribution to the
>  hackerspace as a whole.
> 
> ##### How is upkeep managed?
> 
> The area defined for upkeep gets cleaned and approved by a member of the exec as
> acceptable. Photos are taken as a reference. Each month a walkthrough will be
> performed to grade the area against the reference photos. No walkthrough report
> means no funds allocated for that month.
> 
> #### Cause Rules
> 
> Operation of a cause is bound by similar rules as the group as a whole. When in
> doubt, read our incorporation rules and follow them. The relevant clarifications
> are:
> 
> 1. Quorum is defined as minimum 3 people or 40% of cause membership, whichever
>  is greater.
> 2. The cause leader has a discretionary amount as determined by the Treasurer.
>  (Currently *$100/m* but can not exceed cause balance)
> 3. Causes may (at the discretion of the treasurer) accept contributions from
>  sources other than membership fee alotments.
> 4. Causes meetings may only vote on items relating to the expenditure of a
>  causes balance.
> 
> Otherwise, a cause operates as does the larger group, to highlight a few key
> points:
> 
> 1. The requirements for meetings to vote on decisions with:
>  * Quorum at a meeting.
>  * Adequate public notice.
>  * Minutes accessible to HSBNE membership.
> 2. Five days notice to HSBNE members for financial meeting items.
> 
> ### Causes are not Silos
> 
> A cause empowers you and people with similar interests to direct funds
> appropriately within your own consensus. It does not, in any way allow you to:
> 
> * Deny general membership access to a cause maintained area
> * Deny non cause members to any meetings, equipment, tools, consumables or classes.
> 
> ### Legal Mumbo Jumbo
> 
> For the purposes of our incorporation rules, causes are defined as
> subcommittees.
> 
> ### Lets do this!
> 
> To start a cause, [contact the executive](mailto:executive@hsbne.org) with:
> 
> * The name of the leader
> * The first five members
> * Planned class(es)
> * Proposed area of upkeep.

13 for, 1 against.



Joshua Hogendorn: Some minor rule changes regarding illegal behaviour and how meetings are called to reflect actual practice.
Detailed at: https://github.com/HSBNE/Policy/commit/7769e17256bd134cd062193bd106b2f1188e6ce6#diff-ccce43607cc14aae6337cf44e5ec5ed3
> 9. When membership ends
> The management committee may terminate a members membership if the member
> 
> ~~b) does not comply with any of the provisions of these rules; or~~
> 
> b) does not comply with any of the provisions of these rules or applicable by-laws such as the Code of Conduct, Safe Space Policy, or Dispute Resolution Policy; or
> 
> 10. Appeal against rejection or termination of membership

>    iv) If the reason for termination was substantiated belief of illegal behaviour the appeals process is not available to the person whos membership has been terminated.
> 

> #### 11. General meeting to decide appeal
>
> ~~6. the circumstances of all office vacancies to the management committee must be published to the general membership via the official communication method of the group.~~

> `6. the circumstances of all office vacancies to the management committee must be published to the general membership via the official communication medium of the association.

> #### 36. Notice of general meeting
> ~~1. Any member may initiate a general meeting of the association by raising an agenda item on the group public communication medium.~~

> ~~2. The secretary must assemble agenda items, and select a suitable date for the meeting, and give at least 5 days notice of the meeting to each member of the association for all items, financial or otherwise.~~

> ~~3. If the secretary is unable or unwilling to call the meeting, another member of the management committee must call the meeting.~~

> ~~4. The management committee may decide the way in which the notice must be given.~~

>   ~~1. Initially, and unless the management committee decides otherwise, notice of meetings shall be by electronic mailing (hackerspace_brisbane@googlegroups.com) list and Google™ calendar.~~

> ~~5. However, notice of the following meetings must be given in writing (email is acceptable)~~

> 1. General Meetings happen every second Tuesday from the date of the last AGM.
> 2. Any member may add to the agenda of a general meeting by raising the agenda item on the official communications medium of the association
> 3. Non Financial agenda items have no notice period, and may be announced verbally during a meeting.
> 5. Financial agenda items must be announced to the official communications medium of the association with 5 days notice.
> 6. Notice of the following meetings must be given in writing (email is acceptable)
>  1. a meeting called to hear and decide the appeal of a person against
>  2. a meeting called to hear and decide a proposed special resolution of the association.
> ~~ 6. A notice of a general meeting must state the business to be conducted at the meeting.~~
> 7. A General Meeting of the association may be called outside of the schedule defined by 36.1 by any member. Notice periods and methods differ depending on the agenda -
>  1. Non Financial agendas may be notified verbally or in writing, and have no notice period.
>  2. Financial agendas must be notified in writing to the official communications medium of the group with 5 days notice.
> 8. A notice of a general meeting must state the business to be conducted at the meeting.

14 for, 0 against.


Joshua Hogendorn: Some new policy around guests
Detailed at: https://github.com/HSBNE/Policy/blob/47b8c073ae2ccfde484ed257890dee35c530f7bc/Procedure/Guests.md
> ## Guests at HSBNE
> 
> HSBNE is for the benefit of the community, not just its members. We allow guests on our campus and
> limited use of our facilities. This document aims to clarify the expectations and limits of being a
> guest at HSBNE.
> 
> ### Unaccompanied Guests
> 
> Unaccompanied guests are non-members who attend the space when it is open to the public. For
> example, during open nights or public events. They are not entitled to utilise equipment or
> consumables directly, but a member may opt to assist them. Essentially, look don't touch is a fairly
> simple interpretation.
> 
> We encourage repeat visits, however after three visits we reserve the right to ask you to become a
> financial member or refrain from attending further.
> 
> 
> ### Accompanied Guests
> 
> Accompanied guests at HSBNE are non-members who attend with a current financial member. In this
> case, the financial member is responsible for the actions of the guest. For example, Legal guardians
> with minors fall into this category. Accompanied guests may utilise the resources that the financial
> member is willing to supervise them with, and that the financial member themselves is entitled to
> use (for example via induction).
> 
> 
> ### Walk in Guests
> 
> Sometimes when members attend the campus, they leave the facilities open and non-members may enter.
> In the case where this happens, all members on site are responsible for the actions of the walk in
> guest. If you are not comfortable with this as a member, ensure the facilities are secure to walk
> ins, or ask them to reattend on an open night.
> 
> ### Members of the Public whom attend Classes
> 
> Class attendees are entitled to utilise the resources that are relevant to their class. The member
> running the class is responsible for the safety and security of the facilities during and after the
> class, until all attendees leave the premises. When in doubt, class attendees are treated like
> accompanied guests where the class runner is the responsible member.

11 for, 0 against.
