---
layout: meeting
sitemap: false
description: Logboks, buy laser cutter power supply, buy lights for vending machines.
date: 2014-12-16
time:
  open: "20:35"
  close: "20:55"
members:
- Mike Ando
- Victor Vicario
- Brendan Hall
- Nadine Schmoll
- Timothy Reichle
- Karl Richardson
- Hamish McGregor
- Luke Hovington
- Aaron Bycroft
- Don McGuinness
- Alan Blake
- Peter Caelli
- James Beecham
- Chang-Yi Yao
- Hayden Petrick
- Eric Reader
- David Bussenschutt
- Timeka Beecham
- Sven Hanzka
- Josh by Proxy

author: Timeka Beecham
signed: Victor Vicario
---

## Agenda

Date: 16/12/14
Time: 8pm

###Announcements
* Tracking damage to equipment in log books (Hayden).
* Financial update from treasurer (Luke).

###Financial items

* Up to $300 for second laser cutter power supply to build second laser cutter (Buzz).
* Up to $150 for replacing both drinks vending machines' lights with addressable LED strip (Mike).

---

## Meeting Notes

Victor asks everyone to sign the attendance. Timeka asks for names to be legible.

Hayden wants to put logbooks by equipment. Hayden think it will help to keep a record of any problems in a local position to make it easy to track what happens to the equipment.
Bear suggests there be one book per room for all logging. General agreement. 
Nog wants a motion to make people fill out the maintenance log books. 
For 18
Against 1
abstain 0

Financial update from Treasurer
$19000 currently in the bank.
$15000 for emergencies.
Power bill coming up.
Don’t spend much money. 

Financial items
$300 for extra laser power supply
Buzz says that we can build another one with our spare parts. He figures that seeing as our current one is offline 50% of the time, with two we might have one working more often. He has donations for other parts. Ongoing costs should be low. Buzz will champion the project. Based on buildlog.net plans.
Nog wants to know the wattage. Being 80W laser, Nog wants to make sure there is a lock to keep it safe and legal.
Hamish wants to know if we should put money in the budget for the case. Buzz says he’ll make it from plywood.

For 17
Against 0
Abstain 1

Mike says the lights are broken in the vending machines, and the light bulbs are $80 each, or he can do both machines with RGB LED addressables. Mike is going to sort it out along with Tully.
James asks if white light is better for cheapness. Mikes says this is better cause we can make it do stuff.

For 18
Against 1
Abstained 0

10am on the 20th of December we'll be getting together to organise and assign HSBNE projects to anyone who wants to get stuff done. There will be food. It’s a day to find out what projects we have to finish and how to do it. 
Karl wants to know if we can just work it out tonight so he can get stuff done on the day. Timeka points out that Saturday IS for sorting out the projects, because not everyone is here and there is a lot of projects, but you can if they are here and you want to talk tonight.
Peter asks what sort of food. Timeka says it’s a BBQ. 
Victor closes meeting
