---
layout: meeting
sitemap: false
description: Cleaning items, bbq, gas bottle buyout, classes and woofer requirements
date: 2014-08-12
time:
  open: "20:48"
  close: "21:02"
members:
  - Sven Hanzka
  - Joshua Hogendorn
  - Victor Vicario
  - Eric Reader
  - Hamish McGregor
  - Brendan Halliday
  - Timothy Reichle
  - Hayden Petrick
  - Daniel Tullemans
  - David Waddington
  - Karl Richardson
  - David Bussenschutt
  - Aaron Bycroft
  - Luke Hovington
  - Brendan Carmichael
  - Brendan Hall
  - James Churchill
  - Blair Calderara
  - Chang-Yi Yao
  - James Beecham
  - Alan Blake
  - Peter Caelli
  - Simeon Higgs
  - Timeka Beecham
author: Timeka Beecham
signed: Victor Vicario
---

## Agenda

### Financial Items

  * Budget for cleaning items and BBQ for upcoming working bee. (Please discuss before hand about what we will need).
  * Gas bottle buyout- 3 x $770

### Announcements

  * Working Bee
  * People interested in running classes
  * Woofer- change of requirements and positions available

---

## Meeting Notes

Victor opens the meeting
Vote for cleaning products and BBQ items to be bought for the working bee. Josh explains that we need some money for cleaning products and the BBQ, but Buzz mentions that we have a standing budget for cleaning. Budget is reduced to $50 for the BBQ. 
Vote results 
For: 20 
Against: 0 

Vote called to pay off the gas bottles because we are having to pay for them continually and can not return them because of the theft. It will cost $2500 to buy them out. 
Buzz says they have found an address but can't confirm it's Sean's current address, but we could have a police escort to ask him for the bottles back.  
Discussion on the serial numbers and that the company doesn't keep a record of the numbers, so we would have trouble proving the bottles belonged to us anyway.  
Vote results 
For: 14 
Against: 7 

Josh mentions that the cost of buying the bottles out will be added to the small claims from Sean. 

Victor Presents the a plaque to Karl for his work on the entrance renovation. Proceeds to embarrass Karl.   

Josh announces we will have a working bee to clean up all the dirty stuff, red ticket things and tidy up. It will be on the 22nd of August. 
Aaron wants to know if there will be free membership for new people, but the discussion reveals that the deal was limited to when HSBNE was moving into the new building. 

Victor announces that for the Kickstarter campaign is needing some classes to be arranged as rewards and if anyone in interested in running a class, please come to the 

We have some positions open for WOOFERS so if you're interested, please talk to one of the executives. 

Luke says it's designed for people who can't afford their membership. 

Bear is running a metal training workshop tomorrow, and will be there from the afternoon onwards. 
The welder will be in our possession in a few weeks 
Josh wonders if we will repay/reward the people who donated to the welder. Bear will think of something. 
