---
layout: meeting
sitemap: false
description: updates, discussion on unfinished projects.
date: 2014-12-02
time:
  open: "20:35"
  close: "20:48"
members:
- Brendan Hall
- Brendan Halliday
- Aaron Bycroft
- Karl Richardson
- Tim Spray
- Peter Caelli
- Chang-Yi Yao
- James Beecham
- Timothy Reichle
- Eric Reader
- Aarin Maierhoffer
- Daniel Zimmer
- Don McGuinness
- Tom Carbert-Allen
- Sven Hanzka
- David Bussenschutt
- Mike Ando
- Timeka Beecham
- Victor Vicario
- Luke Hovington
- Joshua Hogendorn

author: Timeka Beecham
signed: Victor Vicario
---

## Agenda

date: 02/12/14
Time: 8pm

### Announcements
- Financial update from treasurer
- Executive review meeting after general meeting

### Financial Items
None at present 

---

## Meeting Notes

No Meeting Notes TakenVictor opens the meeting
the traditional meeting , as we will move to the classroom for a more targeted meeting.
Luke updates us on the financial position of the space, we have $13000 without kickstarter, $7000 available, $6000 from kickstarter. This doesn’t include bill money taken out. 
Victor mentions we got the power bill for $11000, mike and beau have looked through it because of inconsistencies, so the landlord has said they will look at it before we have to deal with it.
Josh mentions that $13000 is not a lot of money for us, so don’t go spending money on mandates. Our rent could go up, so be careful.
Aaron asks if kickstarter money can go to fixing the laser cutter, victor says yes.
Josh wants to know who is in charge of fixing laser cutter. Sven says he has had a look and is writing a letter to the company. He thinks the problem is in the control chip because the endstop signal goes all the way to the chip. 
Peter ask if people can help. Victor says to keep everyone updated on the forum.
January is the latest we can start 
Nog wants a activity report on the chem lab
Josh update on the tool armoury. There are electronics, some mechanical design needed and software written. Ask Josh for the full rundown.
Victor will let everyone know when there is a clean up day coming up
