---
layout: meeting
sitemap: false
description: Executive Review Meeting
date: 2014-12-02
time:
  open: "20:51"
  close: "21:43"
members:
- Brendan Hall
- Brendan Halliday
- Aaron Bycroft
- Karl Richardson
- Tim Spray
- Peter Caelli
- Chang-Yi Yao
- James Beecham
- Timothy Reichle
- Eric Reader
- Aarin Maierhoffer
- Daniel Zimmer
- Don McGuinness
- Tom Carbert-Allen
- Sven Hanzka
- David Bussenschutt
- Mike Ando
- Timeka Beecham
- Victor Vicario
- Luke Hovington
- Joshua Hogendorn

author: Timeka Beecham
signed: PRESIDENT OR CHAIRPERSON OF THE MEETING
---

## Agenda

Date: 02/12/14
Time: 8:30pm
Agenda Items

  - report on HSBNE activity this year
  - future goals and projects
  - response from Ben regarding the concern about his absence.
  - answering anonemous questions and complaints
  - Member's questions, comments, sugestion and complaints.


---

## Meeting Notes

Victor opens and mentions about what this meeting is for.

A few events have happened, lots of publicity, some clean ups of the space. It’s getting to the point we need to have another one.
Pc duino, kids robotics club, kickstarter, some of te walls have been painted. Face book we have had a rise from 300 likes to 600. Meetup, we have 300 members. 
Victor wants members to help rise up the space and put time into showing the public what we do. If you have time to take photos, add to the facebook page, meetup, website, etc. 

Peter wants to raise the point he heard Aaron talk about. We are a not for profit organisation, and what can you do to help. 
Karl wants shirts
Sven mentions redbubble, and that we could use it to make shirts.
Timeka wants to make some.

Nog’s notices that the main problem with the current executive is the communication between them.
Victor says we haven’t gotten back into the swing of things since some of the executive members went away, but there are plans to restart this.
Victor brings up Aaron’s concerns with Ben. Ben has shown his willingness to stand up, and take part.

Karl asks what is up with Ben. He has met him once, but hardly knows him. 
Victor says Ben has been sick.
Aaron mentions that Timeka arranged for a stand in for her when she was unable to perform her duties. Why could Ben not do that. 
Timeka points out there is nothing in the rules to say an executive has to be present on Tuesdays.
Josh quotes Ben’s email:

“I am actually happy to step up?

*shock horror*

I haven't been there on the last few Tuesday nights because of busyness.

(note: I helped write the rules, you need to call exec meetings for me to miss them.)

Tell me what you want me to do. And I will do it. I tried to advise help with the kickstarter, lack of documentation, opening, sharing of communications, delegation lead to me waiting to see where i could actually help.

I am the vice-president as such I kinda expect the president to lay out to me what he needs done, where he wants me to help and where to show autonomy. I see heaps of emails, but as you guys never tell me how to respond to these things, I can't.

So I would throw it back to you victor, how about we swap places, you do great with promoting HSBNE, you ran the kickstarter and it was funded. Which is fantastic.

However, I never see a single plan from you, exec meetings called. You're correstponance is hardly ever on list which make my job extremely difficult. I have not seen a single shred of leadership from you and its driving me insane.

I am happy to step up, when someone gives me something todo.

Regards

Ben
“
Victor mentions that he has printed out a folder full of correspondence. He has looked through the roles that have been laid out. 
Mike points out that there are roles laid out in the rules, points 3, 4 and 5, which really means you have to be present at the space. He has been doing it, and it’s burning him out.
Nog wants to raise a motion to give free membership to executive.
Mike wants to make publicly that two members of the executive didn’t contribute financially to the kickstarter. Josh put in time with publicity, but Ben didn’t do anything.
Buzz admits he didn’t contribute to the kickstarter.
Nog mentions that decisions have been made by the executive arbitrarily, that he believes is impacting the members
James space keeper
Josh says the main reason nothing has happened is that no leadership has happened in regards to Aaron’s server room access. 
Nog says that it’s unfair that the access was just suddenly grandfathered. We need to be clear in our expectations of what server room access entails.
Peter wants to know if there can be a logbook system. Nog says the tool armoury would work well. 
Hayden wants a logbook to admit to things that happen on machinery. 
Toby (mediator) asks for us to get back on topic.
Timeka asks that all general meeting topics be given to her latter for addition to the next agenda.
Nog suggests that some watchers have access to the executive mailing list. 
Peter wants a date when all this crap will be dealt with. When the executive will be back to normal.
Karl wants to know what the hell is happening. Victor mentions that we will be having a meeting immediately after this meeting. 
Buzz clarifying the requirements of executive members, and making more roles to handle the load.
Vicor mentions that another club he is involved in has more positions to handle the load.
Nog asks if any action was taken on a meeting a long time ago.
Josh says more people makes less happen on an executive. 
Peter mentions that at the Tech space they have made a few committee members just for backup.
Timeka would like to have a moment’s peace on Tuesday nights (in regards to workload)
Toby says the point is accepted
Toby suggests locking down the responsibilities and reporting on them fortnightly for executive.
Josh mentions that we were doing that at the beginning, but most members weren't completing them. 
Idea for periodic reporting. 
Daniel mentions there is a frustration of exec members not pulling their weight.
Josh says there is an issue of the roles be amorphis roles.
Josh minimum viable executive is keeping the lights on and the space open. 
Buzz says the only thing he see an agreement on is clarifying the expected roles of executive members.
Nog says the over arching this is voluntary, the minimum goals are keeping the place open, and that this should be kept in mind when making the roles. 
Peter thanks everyone for coming
Victor Closes
