---
layout: meeting
sitemap: false
description: BCC and Yelp Meetings, Purchase Proposals, Cause Budget Expiry, Official Tour Times
date: 2015-07-14
time:
  open: "21:10"
  close: "21:45"
members:
  - Karl Richardson
  - Sven Hanzka
  - Timeka Beecham
  - Joshua Hodgendorn
  - Stephanie Piper
  - Jason Beattie
  - Brendon Carmichael
  - Luke Hovington
  - Brendon Halliday
  - Blair calderara
  - Alexander Udhe
  - Geoffery Lem
  - James Churchill
  - Shane Sugrue
  - Jake Saunders
  - Sebastian Petrie
  - Stevie Cooper
  - Phil Gowenlock
  - Aaron Bycroft
 
author: Stephanie Piper
signed: Karl Richardson
---

## Agenda

- Update on BCC visit and Yelp meeting
- Cause budget expiry: in three months from original allocation date
- First Aid Kits Proposal: $150 budget to restock our existing First Aid Kits, and $300 annual budget allocation to restock our First Aid Kits.
- Vacuum Donation Wanted
- Proposal to purchase ear and eye protection for each cause.
- Proposal to purchase [Trackr Bravo](https://www.thetrackr.com/bravo2) for Keysets - $29 for one, $58 for three. 
- Proposal to purchase a Scroll Saw ($209), accessories ($30), wood vice(s) ($75). 
- Working bee: 25th-26th July
- Research bee: 29th July
- Official Tour Times
- Airstream Talk

---

## Meeting Notes
- Update on BCC visit and Yelp meeting:  BCC meeting was very successful, passed on great advice on applying for grants and recommended we contact two of our local councillors. Yelp has offered us free community advertising for our events and we can request lucky door prizes. 
- Budget expiry: All current budgets without an agreed time limit, expire in 3 months from the vote:  Voted in favour: 19
- First Aid Kits Proposal: $150 budget to restock our existing First Aid Kits:  Voted in favour: 19 $300 annual budget allocation to restock our First Aid Kits: Voted in favour: 19
- Vacuum Donation Wanted:  If you have a spare, working vacuum, we’d love it to keep the place tidy!
- Proposal to purchase ear and eye protection for each cause: Nog to get a quote.
- Proposal to purchase Trackr Bravo for Keysets - $29 for one, $58 for three.https://www.thetrackr.com/bravo2 Voted in favour: 19
- Proposal to purchase a Scroll Saw ($209), accessories ($30): Voted in favour: 14, Not in favour: 5
- Proposal to purchase wood vices x3 ($75 ea): Voted in favour: 19
- Working bee: 25th-26th July; See forum post
- Research bee: 29th July; [See forum post](http://forum.hsbne.org/t/working-bee-business-dossier-preparation/1081)
- Official Tour Times: Tours will now be running at 6.00PM and 8.00Pm only by the executive.  All other tours can be run by general members if desired. 
- Airstream Talk: Daniel Zimmer's friend Nathan Cooke (Cookie) is coming from Adelaide and is going to present on [Air Stream](http://www.air-stream.org/), South Australia's community wireless network. He has a power point prepared and this is a really interesting group with a major network.
