---
layout: meeting
sitemap: false
description: Landlord meeting update, Successful Grant, Bunnings donation, Merchandise proposal, Headspace meeting update, World Science Festival, PPE budgeting, Comicon Workshop 
date: 2015-08-11
time:
  open: "20:55"
  close: "21:40"
members:
  - Karl Richardson
  - Sven Hanzka
  - Timeka Beecham
  - Joshua Hodgendorn
  - Stephanie Piper
  - Jason Beattie
  - Brendan Carmichael
  - Luke Hovington
  - Brendan Halliday
  - Brendan Hall
  - James Churchill
  - Chang-Yi Yao
  - Sebastian Petrie
  - Mike Ando
  - Hamish McGregor
  - Hayden Petrick
  - Simeon Higgs
  - Blair Calderara
  - Daniel Zimmer
  - Margarat Drinkwater
  - Victor Vicario
  - Colin Houltham

author: Stephanie Piper
signed: Karl Richardson
---

## Agenda

  - Treasurer's Report
  - Wendy meeting update
  - Successful Grant App: AED
  - Merchandise survey
  - Meeting update from Headspace
  - Update on World Science Festival
  - Update on Cause area PPE budgeting:  $50 budget for each cause area
  - Comicon Workshop 3D Printing Cosplay with Timeka and Chang-Yi
  - Bilby 3D Opening
  - Solar Chimney Challenge

---

## Meeting Notes

  - Treasurer's Report: $20,575 in bank, slight positive cash inflow.  
  - Wendy meeting update:  Meeting with landlord indicated that we may be sharing our space with other community groups such as a Men's Shed, Team Arrow and a gardening group.  Specifics of such an agreement have not been finalised. 
  - Successful Grant AED:  We were successful in the Lord Mayor's Suburban Initiative Grant Application and have recieved $2640 to purchase an Automatic External Defibrillator.
  - Merchandise survey:  $400 budget was proposed to buy merch, vote was postponed to next meet once Josh and Nog prepare a spreadsheet
  - Meeting update from Headspace:  Headspace (a community group providing services for mental illness) is excited to work with us in events and promotion of services. 
  - Update on World Science Festival:  Teams of members needed to ensure participation of HSBNE.  See post on forum to contribute. 
  - Update on Cause area PPE budgeting:  Proposed allocation of $50 budget for each cause area to buy PPE.  Voted in favour: 19Y, 2N
  - Comicon Workshop: 3D Printing Cosplay with Timeka and Chang-Yi: Funds to vote on next week for stock allocation at Comicon. Proposed to increase awareness of HSBNE through membership vouchers (50% off)
  - Bilby 3D Opening:  New Brisbane Bilby 3D store has agreed to offer wholesale filament prices and stock information on HSBNE.  
  - Solar Chimney Challenge:  Mike said that our building does not have the right specifications for a Solar chimney, insulation bought in Winter is needed. 
