---
layout: meeting
sitemap: false
description: CNC Mill donation, New Rules, Eat Street, Working Bees 
date: 2015-06-30
time:
  open: "21:00"
  close: "21:30"
members:
  - Karl Richardson
  - Sven Hanzka
  - Timeka Beecham
  - Joshua Hodgendorn
  - Stephanie Piper
  - Jason Beattie
  - Brendon Carmichael
  - Luke Hovington
  - Brendon Halliday
  - Brendon Hall
  - Victor Vicario
  - Peter Caelli
  - James Churchill
  - Nathan Beveridge
  - Chang-Yi Yao
  - David Morgan
  - Sebastian Petrile
  - Mike Ando
  - Kelly Walden
  - Colin Warland

author: Stephanie Piper
signed: Karl Richardson
---

## Agenda

  - Treasurer's Report
  - CNC Mill Donation Discussion
  - New Rules:  Enclosed footwear outside the green room, time management & clean ups
  - Eat Street moving next door
  - Karl's thankyou list
  - Re-inductions & Cause leader's meeting
  - Working bee
  - Update on Laser Cutter
  - Business Dossier Working bee

---

## Meeting Notes

Treasurer’s Report:  $19.2 K in bank.  

  - CNC Mill donation discussion:  [See discussion on forum](http://forum.hsbne.org/t/cnc-mill-donation/1031) regarding Pros and Cons of new 5 axis CNC mill.  $600 to transport to space, $100 to fix.  18 votes in favour of recieving the CNC for HSBNE.  
  - New Rules: Enclosed footwear must be worn when outside the greenroom, follow the relevant safety signage.  Green room clean room etiquette, eg. Clean when you leave, or your things will be added to the doom shelves. 
  - Soon-to-be neighbours with Eat Street
  - Karl's thankyou list:  Blair for further work on the electronics bench and returning powerboards,  Nathan for continuous donations, Wonky Queenslander crew for a fantastic party ($900 profit), Andrew for CNC mill donation, Brendan Halliday and Luke Hovington for further work on Net Trolls. 
  - Re-inductions to occur on Wednesdays following review of current induction procedures.  
  - Working Bee on the 25th July organised by Josh Hodgendorn and Jason Beattie:  Sausage sizzle volunteers needed, thoughts on renovations needed.  Allocations for signage discussion to occur on the forums. 
  - Laser cutter update:  Do not touch, otherwise much more work could be needed. Everyone will need to be re-inducted to use the laser cutter.  It will be held as a three hour course, equivalent to a Cert I course, plus a fee will be charged.  
  - Dossier Preparation for Business Partnership Letters: Wednesday 22nd July, 5.00PM onwards.  
 
