---
layout: meeting
sitemap: false
description: Space re-allocation update, Caxton's Update, Working Bee, Treasurer Wanted
date: 2015-10-06
time:
  open: "20:13"
  close: "20:42"
members:
  - Karl Richardson
  - Sven Hanzka
  - Beau Sandford
  - Timeka Beecham
  - Maragret Drinkwate
  - Stephanie Piper
  - Jason Beattie
  - Brendan Carmichael
  - Luke Hovington
  - Brendon Halliday
  - Chang-Yi Yao
  - Mike Ando
  - Colin Warland
  - David Bussenschutt
  - Timothy Reichle
  - Phil Gowenlock
  - Adam Blake
  - Alan Blake
  - Alexander Wele
  - Lysa Sing
  - Daniel Zimmmer
  - Alex Wixted
  - Jim Borman 
  - Aaron Bycroft
  - Niklas Caseril

author: Stephanie Piper
signed: Karl Richardson
---

## Agenda

  - Space Re-allocation update
  - Treasurer wanted
  - Caxton's update
  - Upcoming working bee: Install Insulation and remove junkpile
  - More 'inductors' wanted
  - Announcement RE Communications at HSBNE and Being Excellent.
  - Proposals to buy the following:
  - Reimburse Steph $139.00 for large HSBNE exhibition banner 
  - Replacement scroll saw flex drive shaft, its $38 + $12 shipping in the event that damage is not covered by warranty.
  - $200 budget to overhaul tool storage/organization in the green room to make it easier to find and return tools. 
  - Chopsaw, Irwin 305mm 60T, Bunnings Item Number: 6352033 for $81.48 
  - Blade for little table saw: Irwin 254mm Aluminium/plastic/PVC blade, 80T, Bunnings Item Number: 6350019, $79.10 
  - Bandsaw Blade, Starrett BP-250, 1712 x 6mm 6TPI, Machinery House Item Number: W417B, $13.20  
  - x3 replacement scrollsaw blades, $40.70  

---

## Meeting Notes

  - Space Re-allocation update: We recieved a map from the landlord indicating that some of the machine shop will also be used as space for other community groups such as Team Arrow. Further discussions with both parties in the coming week will clarify. 
  - Treasurer wanted: Currently Luke Hovington has temporary stepped back into the role, but we need someone ASAP to step into the role.  No experience needed, just general organisation skills.  Please email executive@hsbne.org for more information. 
  - Caxton's Update:  Will be re-doing quorum rules to make sure that everyone who would like a vote gets a vote to make sure we can maintain quorum at meetings. 
  - Upcoming Working bee:  This weekend, to install insulation and remove junkpile
  - More inductors wanted:  If you would like to become an inductor, sit in on the 6.00pm weekly inductions. 
  - Announcement RE Communications at HSBNE and Being Excellent:  Make sure you let someone know if something is broken. 
  - Proposals to buy the following:
  - Reimburse Steph $139.00 for large HSBNE exhibition banner: Unanimous Y
  - Replacement scroll saw flex drive shaft, its $38 + $12 shipping in the event that damage is not covered by warranty: Unanimous Y
  - $200 budget to overhaul tool storage/organization in the green room to make it easier to find and return tools: Lysa motions to increase budget to $300, Nog seconds.  Unanimous Y.
  - Chopsaw, Irwin 305mm 60T, Bunnings Item Number: 6352033 for $81.48 Unanimous 1 Abstaining
  - Blade for little table saw: Irwin 254mm Aluminium/plastic/PVC blade, 80T, Bunnings Item Number: 6350019, $79.10 Unanimous Y
  - Bandsaw Blade, Starrett BP-250, 1712 x 6mm 6TPI, Machinery House Item Number: W417B, $13.20: Unanimous Y
  - x3 replacement scrollsaw blades, $40.70: Unanimous Y
  - Other Announcements:
  - Bunnings has been booked in March 2016 for a BBQ.  DIY workshops will also be held for that weekend, need some ideas for one more kids workshop. 
  - SupaNova Brisbane is coming up on Nov 27-29.  Finished projects wanted for display! Talk to Timeka and Chang-Yi
