---
layout: meeting
sitemap: false
description: Cause system launching, votes for security cameras, water filter, hydraulic press, band saw, portable plasma cutter.
date: 2015-01-13
time:
  open: "20:30"
  close: "21:36"
members:
  - Karl Richardson
  - Daniel Zimmer
  - James Beecham
  - Aaron Bycroft
  - Timothy Reichle
  - Chris Holtzworth
  - Michael Janetzki
  - Tim Owen
  - Sven Hanzka
  - Joshua Hogendorn
  - Beau Sandford
  - Hayden Petrick
  - Alan Blake
  - Peter Caelli
  - Don McGuinness
  - Hamish McGregor
  - Paul Smith
  - Brendan Halliday
  - Timeka Beecham
  - Victor Vicario
  
author: Timeka Beecham
signed: Victor Vicario
---

## Agenda

Date: 13/01/15
Time: 8pm (or 8:37pm)
Announcements

    The official launch of the Cause System- put forward interest to champion and sign up.
    New member joining and induction review (Nog)
    Increase to bin pickup budget (Nog and Josh)
    Show members the cleaning supply storage- add to induction (Mike)

Financial

    $44 replace UPS batteries (Beau)
    $80 PIR light switches (Nog and Luke)
    $100 water filtering Tap or bench top cooler (Nog and Luke)
    $1,080 for digital security camera system (Josh)
    $180 pipe bender (Aaron)
    $300-400 - 3 in 1 Stick, Tig and Plasma cutter inverter machine.(Karl)
    $300Band saw for the wood workshop (Timeka, Sam and Shane)
    $400 - Hydraulic Press(Karl)


---

## Meeting Notes

Cause System
Victor introduces the cause system signup sheet and a brief description
Member Access to the Space
Nog is working on an online sign in system so people should speak to him if they want to help.
Cleaning
Bins being increased in frequency is not so desirable because Veolia is useless. Tim says that the council bins are more cost effective. Timeka is organising a recycling company to pick up rubbish.
Victor says the problem with the space cleanliness is that people start, get bored and the tickets fly off. Josh says the max period for parking tickets is 1 month, and you have to be back every month. The red tickets might be retired and instead your things will be put in a doom shelf system, where you can ask for it back publicly. Victor says that photos will be posted to the forum, and you will have fair time to see it and ask for it back.
Doom shelves will be limited to a few weeks but is up for discussion. 
Sven says the clean up is starting now, and joining a cause is important. 
Causes
There will be a meeting for cause members next Tuesday 20th January.
Victor says that if there is an entire area without a cause to look after it, it will be locked up. You can join 3 causes, but each area needs to be looked after. 
Sven invites people to join him for a red ticket spree. He will be getting rid of everything not meant to be there. After the time is up, things will be thrown out. 
On Saturday 31st January, there is going to be a clean up day. Nog points out that we all have to vote that day. Might be moved to the 1st of Feb. Rooms that aren’t assigned to a cause will be locked. All red ticket items moved to a pile in the quad. Once an area is clean, a photo will be taken and that area must match that photo for it to remain open. Making a mess should be reported and the person will be immediately given an infraction. 
Josh asks who is interested in being a champion. 3 people are. Josh points out that if you care about an area, you’ll have to reconsider. 
Kickstarter
Victor says there has been an email sent to the kickstarter participants and the relaunch party has been rescheduled to Saturday 28th of Feb. 
Peter Caelli has been fulfilling rewards for the kickstarter with his laser cutter. 
The renovations are about to start from the kickstarter funds.
Nadine has designed letters to make a big sign for the property. Sven says there will be a workshop for each letter which people can help with.
Nog asks if we are planning on changing the logo. There are no current plans.
Victor spoke to the landlord, and we are fine to clean off the walls and paint them. There are members who have spray guns to use for painting.
Laser Cutter
Aaron wants to know what the update is on the laser cutter replacement parts. Victor says he hasn’t had the time to order it but will happen soon. 
Vending Machines
Sven wants someone to come forward who is interested in keeping the vending machines filled.

Josh gives report on finacial details he recived from Luke. 

Financial
Water filter. Nog says he found a water filter at Office works for $70. People asked about the underbench ones we have, but consensus was that we need a functioning system that works immediately, and requires no installation.  
For: 15
Against:0
Abstain: 3

Security cameras $1100. Josh says we are using an analogue system, and it is really hard to use and require coax cable for all the cameras. There are two options, either the cheap chinese DVR mentioned by Luke, or a system that use Power over Ethernet which is really easy to set up. Victor is worried about the fact that we have so many things like the security system and the armoury that have not been installed. Josh asks for some commitments from people to install the system, and a handful of people say they will.
For: 14
Against: 5
Abstain: 1

Aaron says we don’t need to vote on the pipe bender if we can use the hydraulic press that is on the agenda. Canceled Pipe bender vote.

Hydraulic press $400. It’s needed for snapping welds, and pipe bending. Useful for other things like pressing out bearings and more. Adaptable pressure. 
For: 16
Against: 1
Abstain: 1

Band Saw. Timeka says it’s the most useful tool we could get for the wood workshop, and is far more appropriate for hackerspace’s needs than the other saws we have. 
For: 20
Against: 0
Abstain: 0

$400 for a 3 in 1 converter inverter. Means you can cut easily through metal. It’s one of the most useful tools for metal work. Josh mentions it might be able to be used on the giant CNC. Can cut mild steel and stainless. We might need a much bigger machine for the CNC.
For: 14
Against: 0 
Abstained: 6
