+---
+layout: meeting
+sitemap: false
+description: Landlord meeting update, Successful Grant, Bunnings donation, Merchandise proposal, Headspace meeting update, World Science Festival, PPE budgeting, Comicon Workshop 
+date: 2015-08-25
+time:
+  open: "20:35"
+  close: "21:00"
+members:
+  - Karl Richardson
+  - Timeka Beecham
+  - Joshua Hodgendorn
+  - Stephanie Piper
+  - Jason Beattie
+  - Brendan Carmichael
+  - Luke Hovington
+  - Brendan Halliday
+  - Brendan Hall
+  - James Churchill
+  - Mike Ando
+  - Blair Calderara
+  - Margarat Drinkwater
+  - Aaron Bycroft
+  - Chang-Yi Yao
+  - Timothy Reichle
+
+author: Stephanie Piper
+signed: Karl Richardson
+---
+
+## Agenda
+
+  - Treasurer's Report
+  - Men's Shed Update
+  - Insulation update and proposal to buy wholesale insulation in the event of no donations to cover for Scenario 2: Green room, classroom and games room. See Mike's post
+  - Quorum issues Update
+  - World Science Festival Update 
+  - Little Tokyo II Update
+  - Team Arrow Update
+  - Oz Comic-Con Update
+  - Proposal to buy more black tubs for member storage
+  - Official Communication Method(s) of the group and why you need to be on them
+  - Parking Permits and You (Common problems that mean your permit is invalid).
+  - Causes followup and reminder.
+  - Proposal to purchase items to make the Kiln more compact and functional as a source of income
+  - Space Camera
+
+---
+
+## Meeting Notes
+
+  - Quorum was not met - No voting occured and announcements were made. 
+  - Treasurer's Report: We currently have $24,580 in the bank, including $2,640 from AED grant. We are currently working through electricity bill issues, however our landlord has given in writing that they will be paying out what is due. 
+  - Quorum issues update: We are a growing organisation which makes it difficult to achieve quorum at meetings.  It is essential that we make quorum every fortnight as the group stagnates otherwise and financial items cannot be voted upon.  Proxy votes need to be utilised on a more regular basis so we may vote on a solution to the quorum issue. 
+  - World Science Festival Update: Have not recieved much interest on the forums, will cancel involvement if we do not get a team together within the next week. Please comment on the forums if you would like to be involved. 
+  - Little Tokyo II Update:  The exec had a meeting with Little Tokyo II and are keen to engage with some form of partnership.  Details are yet to be finalised. 
+  - Team Arrow Update:  The exec had a meeting with Team Arrow and we found that they would be unlikely to want to share the space with us on a permanent basis.  
+  - Oz Comic-Con Update:  Headspace is willing to work with us to run a joint stall.  
+  - Official Communication Methods:  HSBNE is legally required to have an official form of communication, and ours is through the forums.  It is essential for all members to join and use the forums regularly to stay updated. 
+  - Parking Permits and You: Make sure that your parking ticket is signed by another member other than yourself.  Similarly, if you find a ticket with only one signature you can become the second signatory to make the ticket valid. 
+  - Causes follow up and reminder:  Make sure that classes are being run regularly.  Karl also seeks a worthy replacement for himself as leader as either the Metal shop or the Machine shop causes.  
+  - Space Camera:  There is a camera behind the green room stereo for free usage to take pictures of projects and create build logs. 
