---
layout: meeting
sitemap: false
description: Robot Fighting League Event, How to Vector Class, Upcoming Silversmithing classes, Denial of access for unpaid members update, Containers, Blacksmithing area update, Cartridges for Printer Purchase.
 
date: 2016-03-1
time:
  open: "20:00"
  close: "20:20"
members:
  - Steph Piper
  - Brendan Hall
  - Scott Wilson
  - Lysa Singh
  - Meg Drinkwater
  - Rosa Tong
  - Luke Hovington
  - Brendn Halliday
  - Aaron Bycroft
  - Jamie Aisthrope
  - Brendan Carmichael
  - Joshua Hodgendorn
  - Alan Blake
  - David Thomson
  - Niklas Casaril
  - Nathan Beveridge
  - Alex Wixted
  - James Beecham
  - Timothy Reichle
  - Eris Ryan
  - David Bussenschutt
  - Sven Hanzka
  - James Churchill
  - Colin Houltham
  - David Seff
  - Phil Gowenlock
  - Mike Ando

author: Stephanie Piper
signed: Brendan Halliday
---

## Agenda
- Treasurer's Report
- Robot Fighting League Event
- How to Vector Class
- Upcoming Silversmithing classes
- Supanova Update
- Assistance with Flyer distribution
- Denial of access for unpaid members update
- Containers, Blacksmithing area update
- Purchase Proposal: 23 cartridges of ink for $140.03 for the new large HP printer.
- AGM Upcoming

---

## Meeting Notes
- Treasurer's Report: Currently $18,300 in savings.  
- Robot Fighting League Event:  Event on Saturday, see facebook events.  
- How to Vector Class:  See facebook events
- Upcoming Silversmithing classes:  Course will run over four lessons where skills from previous lessons will be built upon.  Classes to begin in late April.  
- Supanova Update:  See thread here.  
- Assistance with Flyer distribution: Our flyers have been printed and any member distribution of flyers is much appreciated.  
- Denial of access for unpaid members update:  We are currently setting up systems to disallow access for unpaid members due to repetitive unpaid membership invoices for active members. 
- Containers, Blacksmithing area update:  The boneyard container will join the other two containers for placement out on the hardstand.  An awning will be strung accross these containers to acccommodate the blacksmithing area. 
- Purchase Proposal: 23 cartridges of ink for $140.03 for the new large HP printer:  Unanimously passed, one abstaining.  
- AGM Upcoming: If you are interested in having a hand in how things work at HSBNE, have a chat to the current executive about the roles and what they entail.  
