---
layout: meeting
sitemap: false
description: Cause Rule Changes, Spindle Sander, Compressed Air, Strandbeests for WSF, Supanova costs, skip.
date: 2016-02-02
time:
  open: "21:20"
  close: "21:30"
members:
- Aaron Bycroft
- Will Stobo
- Mike Ando
- Timeka Beecham
- David Thomson
- James Churchill
- Niklas Casaril
- Daniel Zimmer
- David Bussenschutt
- Lionel Theunissen
- Brendan Halliday
- Sebastian Petrik
- Karl Richardson
- Megs Drinkwater
- Brendan Carmichael
- Blair Calderara
- Joshua Hogendorn
- Adam Blake
- Matthew Costa (Proxy)
- Sven Tiede
- Chang-Yi Yao
- Sven Hanzka
- Stephanie Piper (Proxy)
author: Brendan Halliday, Patron
signed: Jason Beattie, Vice President
---

## Agenda
This agenda has rolled over to the next week as quorum was not reached on the 26th Jan.

- Shared Toilets/Changes to Lockup Procedure
- Proposal to change cause classes requirements 
- Purchase Proposal: Spindle Sander 1 ($550.05 is best price)
- Purchase Proposal: Compressed Air system ($140)
- Purchase Proposal: x120 Strandbeest kits + appropriate sticker branding to total a maximum of $1000 for sale at WSF.
- Purchase Proposal: $500 for Supanova prep and stall costs 
- Purchase Proposal: $360 Skip for stuff in the quad- Doom Shelves

---

## Meeting Notes
-Treasurer's Report (Rolled over from previous meeting): $22 K in bank.
- Members reminded that toilets are now shared and that the door down the end of the toilet hallway needs to be secured at any time other than Open events.
- Cause rules vote postponed until all discussion notes are incorporated into the rewritten policy for voting.
- Financial Vote: Spindle sander at $550.05: None against, none abstaining, all in favour.
- Financial Vote:  Plumbing Craft Punk and Digital Fabrication for compressed air at $140 budget: None against, none abstaining, all in favour.
- Financial Vote: 120 Strandbeest Kits for World Science Festival $1500 budget: None against, 1 abstaining.
- Financial Vote: Supanova Prep and Stall Costs $500 budget: None against, none abstaining, all in favour.
- Financial Vote: Skip to throw away mess in the Quad. $360 budget: None against, none abstaining, all in favour.
- Policy Vote: Doom Shelves policy implementation: None against, 1 abstain .


