---
layout: meeting
sitemap: false
description: Guests and Visitor Policy change, Green Room Drills, Bins
date: 2016-05-17
time:
  open: "20:30"
  close: "21:00"
members:
  - Steph Piper
  - Aaron Bycroft
  - Adam Blake
  - Brendan Halliday
  - Nicola Tuffley
  - Nikki Seawright
  - James Churchill
  - Alex Wixted
  - Beau Sandford
  - Dave Seff
  - Jim Borman
  - Mike Ando
  - Brendan Carmichael
  - Jason Beattie
  - Luke Hovigton
  - Josh Hogendorn
  - Amy Learmonth
  - Meka Beechham
  - Leah Singh
  - Chris Brunell
  - Tim Reichie
author: Dave Seff
signed: Stephanie Piper
---

## Agenda

Agenda
- Silversmithing class update
- FashHack update
- Classroom Update
- Outdoor furniture project Update
- Agenda item: Green Room Drills (Discussion ongoing here)
- GovHack Makernode1 Update
- Space Beers
- Saturday Open Day Once a Month, starting 4th June
- Communal Bins
- Our nasty bins reminder
- Guests and Visitor Policy change

---

## Meeting Notes

We now have NBN. We also have holes on the property that the landlord will deal with. 1TB bandwidth cap. 100/40.

Classroom will be carpeted over the weekend.

Treasury report: 
We have about $23000 all up, $10000 of that we can't touch due to lease stuff so we've really got $13000? There's about $3000 tied up in funds allocated to causes. Leaves us with about $10000 to play with, not great, but not the end of the world.

572 machine shop
494 welding
286 blacksmithing
504 digi fab
441 woodshop
488 electronics
165 craft punk

Green room Drills - 2 sets of drills. iKept in member storage and server room. Proposing a pair in each area. Good supply of batteries. Noted drills should be marked. Get the drills (skins)

buying 2 drills
2 against
2 obstain

Volunteers for govhack 27-28 June:

Rubbish bins will be provided and shared by the property. We have rats too. Binbags will also be provided. 

Guests and Visitor policy change:
1 against
7 obstain

29 May hackerspace paintball day. 

Leadership course 21 May


