---
layout: meeting
sitemap: false
description: Volunteers needed, Supanova Prep, Working Bee, RCMS/Arrow Update, Solar Panels/Hot Water Update, Flyer Purchase, T-shirt Purchase, Container Update, Cause Policy Modification, Karl stepping down
date: 2016-02-16
time:
  open: "20:10"
  close: "21:30"
members:
  - Karl Richardson
  - Timeka Beecham
  - Stephanie Piper
  - Jason Beattie
  - Brendon Carmichael
  - Luke Hovington
  - Brendon Halliday
  - Daniel Zimmer
  - David Bussenschutt
  - Michael Ando
  - Nathan Beveridge
  - Timothy Reichle
  - James Churchill
  - Aaron Bycroft
  - Adam Blake
  - Niklas Casaril
  - Lysa Singh
  - Dave Seff
  - Megs Drinkwater

author: Stephanie Piper
signed: Karl Richardson
---

## Agenda
- Volunteers needed for various events 
- Supanova Prep
- Working Bee: 28th Feb, Dump runs needed to clear the quad! Lunch and dump tickets provided. 
- RCMS/Arrow/HSBNE Meet update
- Solar panels/hot water update
- Treasurer's Report
- Purchase Proposal: $100 for 500 of each flyer (1000 flyers total) 
- Purchase Proposal: T-shirts for volunteers: Up to $300 (cost dependent on volunteer numbers)
- Cause Policy Modification

---

## Meeting Notes
- Karl announces that he will be retiring from the presidency.  Stephanie will be stepping up as his replacement and sharing secretary roles with the executive mailing list. 
- Volunteers needed for various events: We have a fundraising BBQ, Supanova and World Science Festival which all require volunteers.  Volunteers selected will recieve a HSBNE shirt.  [See here](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1aC03-A59PrBjKMopb8gO4UsuIRbk3bOJ7KP6sKZkNHg/viewform?usp=send_form)
- Supanova Prep:  [See here](http://forum.hsbne.org/t/supanova-prep-for-april/1432)
- Working Bee: 28th Feb, Dump runs needed to clear the quad! Lunch and dump tickets provided. 
- RCMS/Arrow/HSBNE Meet update: Agreed to split the bill to pay someone to clean the toilets, looking into GCBF grant funding to refurbish toilets and add disability access. Agreed to keep quad clean and have communal benches for use by all parties.  Team Arrow is interested in having their solar powered vehicle on display at the World Science Festival.  New slack channel to chat with Team Arrow is open.  New neighbours BBQ coming up in a few months.  
- Solar panels/hot water update:  In discussions with landlord and Team Arrow to assist with installation 
- Treasurer's Report: 19K of unallocated funds in the bank. 
- Purchase Proposal: $100 for 500 of each flyer (1000 flyers total) :  All in favour
- Purchase Proposal: T-shirts for volunteers: Up to $300 (cost dependent on volunteer numbers): All in favour
- Cause Policy Modification: All in favour, one abstaining. 
