---
layout: meeting
sitemap: false
description: Meeting
date: 2017-03-21
time:
  open: "20:00"
  close: "20:15"
members:
 - Dave Seff
 - Phil Gowenlock
 - James Churchill
 - Alex Wixted
 - Josh Hogendorn
 - David Bussenschott
 - Brendon Halliday
 - Meg Drinkswater
 - Meka Beecham
 - Mike Ando
 - Sven Hanzka
 - Steph Piper
 - Karl Richardson
 - Rosa Tong
 - Jeremy Robinson
 - Lysa Singh
 - Michael King
 - Tim Reichie
 - Doug Miller
 - Luke Ramage
 - Luke Davies
 - Eris Ryan
 - Angie Yoo
Scott Wilson
Jaimyn Mayer

author: Dave Seff
signed: PRESIDENT OR CHAIRPERSON OF THE MEETING
---

## Agenda

- Purchase Proposal: Step Ladder $842
- Safety Policy
- Electrical Safety
- Vote to reimburse Dave for Metal Shop Storage Drawers ($450)
- World Science Festival
- Starlight Children's Foundation Workshop; Saturday 8th April, 12:30 - 3:30pm

## Meeting Notes

Volunteers for WSF please see Steph. Need ideas for demo material ( 3d print and other projects)

Safety Policy in effect:

 - Always consider the safety of yourself and others.
 - Members are encouraged to question safety openly, without animosity or fear of reprisal.
 - If safety concerns are raised by another member, you must halt your activity and agree upon reasonable safety measures before continuing.
 - All hazards must be reported immediately by tagging with a 'Borked or Broken' ticket and emailing issues@hsbne.org (The sign-up kiosk also has a report issues form.)
 - Always use suitable personal protective gear, this means at a minimum goggles in the workshops.
 - Ensure tools and areas are left in a clean and serviceable condition upon your departure.
 - If personal protective gear is missing, report it immediately.

    Tool Inductions

 - Because of the inherently dangerous nature of some of equipment at HSBNE, some require mandatory inductions before use is allowed.
 - Tools will be marked as requiring induction, however labels fall off and it can be safely assumed that anything more powerful than a hand tool requires induction.
 - These courses will be short, one-session introductory courses that focus on proper operation, cleaning and maintenance on either individual pieces or groups of equipment.
 - They will be performed by or organised by Cause Leaders of the area the tool lives in.
 - Those who take these courses should at their end feel confident that they can safely begin to use the equipment for their projects.

    Electrical Safety

 - No member at HSBNE shall work on any electrical project or installation with a voltage greater than ELV. (as defined by AS/NZS 60950.1:2003 as "a voltage not exceeding 42.4 V peak or 60 V d.c.") unless they are appropriately trained and licensed.
 - All other best practices with regards to Electrical Safety are expected to be followed. This includes but is not limited to:
 - No suicide cord (A cable with the inner wires are exposed) storage, all suicide cords must be binned immediately if not put to use.
 - Electrical cables where the outer insulation has been compromised must be removed from use and remediated by an appopriately trained and licensed person. This includes on tooling.
  - end

 - Suicide cords discussed. Please report any cords found around the space. 

## Treasury Report
35K in the bank
5211 spending

## Votes
 - Step ladder 1 obstain :: PASS
 - Metalshop tool chest : 3 obstain :: PASS
 - New safety policy 1 obstain :: PASS

## Thanks
Doc - Helping out with interlock project and to help the space.
Karl - Help with Alex's anvil. Cleaning up. Loaning tool chest. 
Luke - spectrum analyzers. 
