---
layout: meeting
sitemap: false
description: Annual General Meeting
date: 2017-05-09T00:00:00.000Z
time:
  open: '20:05'
  close: '24:00'
members:
  - Dave Seff
  - Chris Noonan
  - Timothy Reichie
  - Jason Be
  - Joshua Hogendorn
  - Karl Richardson
  - Dave Leventer
  - Eris Ryan
  - Leah Singh
  - Alex Wixted
  - Ian DeDominics
  - Ross Bopf
  - Cary Cooper
  - Mick Kent
  - James Beecham
  - Shane Frost
  - Alison Perrott
  - Luke Davies
  - Stirling Blacket
  - David Bussenschitt
  - Sven Hanzka
  - Jaimyn Mayer
  - James Churchill
  - Scott Wilson
  - Christopher Paton
  - Nathan Beveridge
  - Wayne Bruce
  - Luke Hovington
  - Phil Thompson
  - Alex Whide
  - Rosa Tong
  - Meg Drinkwater
  - Meka Beecham
  - Jack Rainey
  - Jeremy Robinson
  - Mattia
  - Michael King
  - Beau Sandford
  - Daniel Horne
  - Mike Ando
author: Dave Seff
signed: James Churchill
published: true
---

## Agenda

 -  Presidents Report
 -  Treasurers Report
 -  Dissolution of the Executive
 -  Voting for new Executive.
 -  Formation of the New Executive.

## Meeting Notes

 - Beau joining via phone. 
 - Pres report:
  First interlock in place.  This is a huge milestone for the standards we aspire to.  
  First Brisbane MakerFest and state recognition of hackerspaces
  First run of "Makers and Beer" events

  We've also got some new, fantastic donated, loaned and purchased assets to add to our ranks of stuff, including a table saw, industrial dust extractor, Lulzbot Taz, powder 3D printer, Reprap Pandora, Tig Welder and my personal favourite, the popcorn vending machine.   We've also got a kickass new website to boot.  

  It's also the little things that count.   We're getting more and more get people coming in and emailing us expecting to find experts in more and more areas.  The scary thing is they tend to find them here.  The best thing that we should be proud of is our community here.   Make the best use of it, stand on the shoulders of giants.

 - VP: Facebook like have gone up by a magnitude. Thanks for a good Year. 

 - Sec: I did my best. It's been challenging. 

## Treasury Report
 It was pleasing to be able to deliver a surplus of $22k for the 2016/2017 financial year for HSBNE. This was a four fold increase from the previous financial year of $5k. 

 The year included a number of positives from a financial viewpoint such as
  - Increased membership income from $24k to $40k
  - An increase of class income from $250 to $1500
  - An increase of drinks income from $1970 to $2550 (Thanks Mike!)
  - Our operating expenses for this financial year have increased marginally to $27500 from the previous year of $26000, which is to be expected with a growing space.
  - The 2016/2017 financial year has concluded with HSBNE being in a position as having a total equity/net assets of $40k. This has increased from $17.6k the previous year. Our bank balance has also increased from $20.9k to $36.4k.
  - We aim to keep improving our financial position through improved financial management, alongside adding to our extensive range of assets.
  - Finally, thanks to the current executive and all our core members for helping HSBNE continue to grow and improve.
  
 If anyone has any queries feel free to contact me.


## Votes
 - Pres: Steph Piper - Unopposed
 - Treas: Beau Sandford - Unopposed
 - VP: Brendan Halliday - Unopposed
 - Sec: Michael King - Unopposed
 - Paetron: David Buzz - Unopposed

## Thanks
