---
layout: meeting
sitemap: false
description: Power over Ethernet Switch Purchase, Sublimation Printer Purchase, WSF, Supanova Gold Coast, Hulk Update. 
date: 2017-01-24
time:
  open: "20:00"
  close: "20:34"
members:
  - Dave Seff
  - Phil Gowenlock
  - James Churchill
  - Jaimyn Mayer
  - Jason Beattie
  - Niklas Casaril
  - Alex Wixted
  - Josh Hogendorn
  - David Bussenschutt
  - Brendan Halliday
  - Michael King
  - Fiona Findlay
  - Anna Gerber
  - Rosa Tong
  - Meg Drinkswater
  - Meka Beecham
  - Tim Reichiel
  - Kieran Convery
  - Guy Reece
  - Andrew Mcubbin
  - Mike Ando
  - Angie Ando
  - Sven Hanzka
  - Alex Unde
  - Steph Piper
  - Lysa Singh
  - Reid Harding
  - Ross Bopf
  - John Harding

author: Dave Seff
signed: Steph Piper
---

## Agenda
Agenda:

 - Outer benches clean for shared workspace
 - World Science Festival Volunteers - Fill out blue card apps
 - Supanova Gold Coast
 - Update on the Hulk
 - $500 Budget for spending on a replacement Power over Ethernet switch.

## Meeting Notes
 - Please keep the outer benched clean as these have been cleared for the shared workspace.
 - Volunteers needed for WSF. Application for bluecards are required.
 - Meeting in the classroom for Supanova GC. Group accommodation is being looked into.
 - Old ethernet switch donated by friend of mike's died and has been monkeypatched. This is needed to communicate with cameras and improve HSBNE infrastructure.  
 - Sublimation printer, inks and papers so we can make mugs, plates, t-shirts etc- with your own full graphic images on them. We have plans to make products we can sell at events, and HSBNE branded items. Craft Punk will be using our own funds for some of the purchase, but we simply can't cover it all, and seeing as it will be a tool that is useful and profitable for the whole space, we'd like help from the general members to purchase this setup. As some of you might know, we were donated the heaters for applying the sublimation prints to mugs, plates and T-shirts/flat things. These alone would have cost a couple of thousand dollars, so it would be great to make use of them.
 - Hulk update - Working but very difficult to operate. Around $2000 is needed to tool it up for production operation.

## Treasury Report
 - 38K in bank
 - 7K to spend

## Votes
 - Power over Ethernet switch $500 budget - 1 obstain - PASS
 - Sublimation Printer $500 budget - 4 obstain - PASS

## Thanks
 - Nog for cleaning the outer benches.
 - Sven for getting Hulk running.
 - Jace for building the table in members' storage
 - Beau for donut fan
 - Buzz for welding class
 - Jame for fixing laser cutter.
 - Jeremy for loaning a table saw
 - Lisa for loaning air compressor.
