---
layout: meeting
description: LiftMaster, Adobe, Container Dome
date: 2018-08-14
time:
  open: '2011'
  close: '2046'
members:
  - Drew Spriggs
  - Alex Breckell
  - James Stockdale
  - Joshua Hogendorn
  - Timothy Reichle
  - Nathan Beveridge
  - James Churchill
  - Ian Redmond
  - Brendan Halliday
  - Jaimyn Mayer
  - Scott Wilson
  - Jarod Saunders
  - Aaron Bycroft
  - Mike Morrison
  - Ivan Storr
  - Michael King
  - Meka Beecham
  - Fionn Volkov
  - Jared Dalrymple
  - Luke Hill
  - Eris Ryan
  - Sven Hanzka
  - Dave Seff
author: Michael King
signed: Alex Wixted
---

## Agenda
- LiftMaster ($1000)
- Adobe CC Subscription ($73/month)
- Container Dome discussion
- SpiderLift discussion

## Meeting Notes
- Please ensure when exiting the site, to lock all doors and scramble the lockbox on the gate.
- We are currently testing our new member portal system. Please feel free to stress-test this as it will allow us to find and fix any bugs.
- We will be conducting an audit of our PPE and safety items.
- Item storage shall be restricted to appropriate methods, i.e. within containers or in appropriate locations. Storage of loose items shall be strictly prohibited.

## Treasury Report
- No Treasury Report given

## Votes
- LiftMaster ($1000) - This is a pneumatic/powered bin lifter for safer emptying of the small bins into the commercial bins; this can also be used to empty the dust extractor bin; we may not have a place to effectively store this item; 6 for, 9 opposed, 10 abstentions; ****MOTION FAILED****.
- Adobe Creative Centre subscription ($73/month) - This will permit us to use the Creative Centre suite of programs within the Green Room computers; it will be cheaper to subscribe for the whole suite of programs as opposed to individual programs; proposal modified to 3 month trial period; 2 opposed, 4 abstentions; ****motion passed****.
- Container Dome discussion - The current container dome we have has been very effective in improving our usable space, i.e. covering the Blacksmithing area, and we are looking to purchase a second one to cover the adjoining space; the containers are correctly spaced to accomodate a second dome; 0 opposed, 2 abstentions, ****motion passed****.
- SpiderLift project - This project is similar to a scissor lift, but is narrower than a car. Permission is being sought to store the project when it is not being worked upon; the project will be completed prior to February (i.e. 3-4 months); a bond will be submitted for removal of the project. This project will have commercial/R&D applications; details on the build will be posted, and will be tabled at the next meeting; 0 opposed, 1 abstention, ****conditionally approved****.

## Thanks
- Thanks to Beau for works
- Thanks to all that helped with the site clean-up (in the forge area, DigiFab and the general area)
- Thanks to all that assisted with the safety incident