---
layout: meeting
description: Fire-rated Door Handles, New Members' Portal
date: 2018-10-09
time:
  open: '2003'
  close: '2015'
members:
  - Michael King
  - Lincoln Phillips
  - Craig Hudson-Taylor
  - Jarod Saunders
  - Jaimyn Mayer
  - Nathan Beveridge
  - Jared Dalrymple (Proxy)
  - Timothy Reichle
  - Brendan Halliday
  - Sven Hanzka
  - James Churchill
  - Eris Ryan
  - Luke Hill
  - Alexander Bowden
  - Craig Walker
  - David Bussenschutt
  - Alexander Uhde
  - Rory Jones
  - Ben Hussey
  - Alex Wixted
  - Emily Taylor
  - Colby Davidson
  - Lucas Oldfield
author: Michael King
signed: Alex Wixted
---

## Agenda
- Fire-rated Door Handles ($97.95)

## Meeting Notes
- The new members' portal and associated door access code has now been fully rolled out on-site, existing members should have received an email to join the new portal.
- We will be conducting a Special General Meeting to elect a new Treasurer, please read through the job description and nominate yourself in the forum thread.
- We are still looking for volunteers to help with our booth at Supanova, please indicate your interest in the forum thread before the 23rd of October.
- Between Tuesday and Thursday of the previous week a Milwaukee angle grinder was misplaced. If it has been borrowed please return it to the Space.
- We are currently in early discussions with Bilby3D for discounts on consumable stock, this will be announced when finalised.
- Please use Eat Street parking on Tuesdays, as there is limited space within the Quad for people to conduct work on their projects. In addition, please remember that the speed limit within the precinct is 5 km/h as signed.

## Treasury Report
- No treasury report given.

## Votes
- Fire-rated Door Handles ($97.95) - These have been purchased and installed on the Members' Storage door, a budget for reimbursement is being sought; 0 opposed, 0 abstentions, ****motion passed****.

## Thanks
- Thanks to Jaimyn and Brendan for their work with the new Portal and access system
- Thanks to Mick and Julie for installing the drill and battery holders