---
layout: meeting
description: Annual General Meeting, UniFi Router, Bus Conversion space allocation, Table for "The Deck"
date: 2018-04-24
time:
  open: '2000'
  close: '2113'
members:
  - Michael King
  - Aaron Bycroft
  - Mike Morrison
  - Julie Kernick
  - Drew Spriggs
  - Blair Calderara
  - James Beecham
  - Scott Wilson
  - Beau Sandford
  - Brendan Halliday
  - Nathan Beveridge
  - Megs Drinkwater
  - Timothy Reichle
  - Jason Beattie
  - Karl Richardson
  - Lucas Oldfield
  - David Bussenschutt
  - Lincoln Phillips
  - Alex Wixted
  - Joshua Hogendorn
  - Craig Rea
  - Ian Haly
  - Steph Piper
  - Meka Beecham
  - Eris Ryan
  - Ian Redmond
  - Mike Ando
  - Colby Davidson (Proxy)
  - Anja Dreyer (Proxy)
author: Michael King
signed: Steph Piper
---

## Agenda
- UniFi USG Router ($180)
- Bus Conversion space allocation
- Table for "The Deck"
- AGM

## Meeting Notes
- Table for "The Deck" - We have been requested by our landlord to use pier reclaimed wood to build 2 tables and stools, looking for people to commit time for up to July/August to build, EDQ willing to pay for works, considering barter (for tools), can use wood work and metal work:: require timber to be planed, timber is ironwood (tough), can benefit us regarding possible future lease, should get sample of timber - discussion has been moved to forum

## President's Report
- The past year has been another great run for HSBNE, and we’ve got a lot of achievements to be proud of.  These include being awarded a combined $13,451.19 for two grants, including the Stronger Communities Grant and Queensland Hackerspaces Funding Grant.  With this money, we’ve been able to purchase higher quality tooling, including  a planar-thicknesser, drill press and yet to purchase, 3D Scanner, Simplify 3D software, New oscilloscope, Multimeter and digital multimeter pen, Belt/Disc sander, spindle sander, dremel set, button badge maker, screen printing press, A2 guillotine and a Radius Master.  
- Through our own group funds, we’ve also been able to purchase a new, larger bandsaw, 3D scanning rig, and many other upgrades for Wifi, security and swipe access. 
- It wasn’t too long ago we were relying on second hand, donated equipment for a lot of our equipment.  It’s been a great year for upgrades.  
- This year marks the end of a long run for many on the executive.  Beau and myself have come up to our maximum 2 year terms.  Brendan has also been on the executive in various roles for the past three years.  Just wanted to acknowledge the long service of both Beau and Brendan, and how much hard work they’ve both put in over the term.  I’d also like to express how great the journey has been despite the ups and downs.  I’ve experienced significant personal growth in donating my time and energy to the space, and it’s been an honour to serve as first among equals.  I’m looking forward to others having the same opportunities as I have on the executive in future years. 

## Treasury Report
- HSBNE delivered a $19K surplus over the 2017/2018 financial year. This was slightly less than the previous year at $22K, which can be attributed to higher overheads such as electricity.

This year included a number of positives such as:

Increased membership income from $41k to $45k

A number of grants allowing us to purchase new tools and equipment

Drinks income of approximately $2.2k

And an increase in assets from $55k to 73k mainly attributed to the woodshop machinery

I’d like to thank this years executive and all of the members helping us out for another successful year, and wish all the best to the next executive.

## Votes
- UniFi USG Router - This is effectively a replacement for our ageing router system, as opposed to trying to repair the router box, and this will work straight away with the  incoming UniFi camera equipment; 1 opposed, 0 abstained, ****motion passed****.
- Bus Conversion space allocation - Two of our members are converting a bus into a motorhome, they plan to have the project completed within 6 months and have offered a $500 surety on the timeline. They are seeking to work on it on solid ground, as it is currently (as of date) parked on dirt. The progress will be posted on the forums, and can be considered to be a communal project. The project will have the appropriate certifications for gas and electrical works, and will have a home automation system built-in; 0 opposed, 1 abstained, ****motion passed****.

## AGM
- In line with the club constitution, the HSBNE executive was dissolved and the elections for the new executive were conducted. Three of the prior executive were ineligible to re-contest their previous positions.
- Secretary - Michael King 16 votes, Joshua Hogendorn 12 votes, 1 abstention - Michael King re-elected to position.
- Treasurer - Ian Haly elected unopposed, due to prior treasurer (Beau Sandford) stepping down from position.
- Vice President - Drew Spriggs 19 votes, Joshua Hogendorn 9 votes, 3 abstentions - Drew Spriggs elected to position.
- President - Alex Wixted elected unopposed.
- Patron - Steph Piper elected unopposed.

## Thanks
- Thanks to Nathan for chairing the meeting
- Thanks to Ian Redmond for cleaning Digifab
- Thanks to Beau
- Thanks to outgoing Executive for works and stuff
