---
layout: meeting
sitemap: false
description: 'Modifyre Partnership, Craftpunk Sewing Machines, HSBNE Housekeeping'
date: 2019-05-28
time:
  open: '20:08'
  close: '20:37'
members:
  - Craig Hudson-Taylor
  - Timothy Reichle
  - Alan Webb
  - Alex Wixted
  - Joshua Hogendorn
  - Drew Spriggs
  - Michael Morrison
  - Julie Kernick
  - Michael King
  - Amy Mack
  - Fionn Volkov
  - Brendan Holiday
  - Steve Jordan
  - Ian Redmond
  - Emily Taylor
  - Gabrielle Hewitt
  - Jaimyn Mayer
  - Miles Whiticker
  - Meka Beecham
  - Sven Hanza
  - James Churchill
  - Chris Noonan
  - Craig Rea
  - Pierce Baronoff
  - Dave Seff
  - Lincoln Phillips
  - Mike Ando
  - Jacques Botte
  - Eris Ryan
  - Lucas Oldfield
author: Gabrielle Hewitt
signed: Alex Wixted
published: true
comment: '<> (Non-members:Andrew Mccubbin)'
---
## Agenda
 - Alex; Modifyre Partnership
 - Meka; $300 for Craftpunk Sewing Machines
 - Craig H; HSBNE Housekeeping

## Treasury Report
   - $4558 in General Funds
     
## Agenda Items:
- **Alex: Modifyre Partnership**
  - The build will be a large hands-on group project (Stag Beetle?) that anyone can join in on.
  - When asked if any of the Modifyre team members were present to discuss further, Alex said he was representing Modifyre at this meeting to discuss as he is a team member.
  - Modifyre is paying for membership for several members, but there was concern about a lack of interaction with the HSBNE community specifically since no other members came to the general meeting.
  - Alot of the Modifyre members will be attending on the open day on Saturday (1st of June).
  - They will make use of a section of the Quad/hardstand for site storage for about a month. Project won't need landlord approval since they won't assemble the effigy until onsite for the event, it will only be small segments; modular parts.
  - Modifyre event is on the first week of July.
  - Concern about member/guests responsibility; is negated by the site inductions.
  - The Modifyre build events are public workshops/classes, how to use basic hand tools etc
- **Meka: $300 for x3 Sewing Machines**
  - The specified sewing machines came up on sale at Aldi, which are said to be good as they are rebranded Janome machines, Meka compared to his own same model Janome machine and it's identical but the Aldi's model is $100 each on special and the Janome equivalent is $300.
  - Proposal is to buy 3 machines so Craftpunk will then have 5 machines available
  - Classes could be then run with having enough similar machines available.
  - When asked if parts are easily obtainable, they machines are identical to the Elna, so parts can be sourced. Another member has bought some before and found the machines hardy.
  - Aldi has warranty where if a breakage occurs one can return the machine and get their money back.
  - The machines have already been purchased when asked if they happen to still be in stock. Since they sell out quickly Meka bought the machines with the intention to be reimbursed if vote passes or return for refund if the vote fails.
  - It was stated that craftpunk had a meeting in which it was stated that they don't intend to spend any of their budget on new items, which is why Meka put it to the general membership to come from the general funds.
  - Inquiry was made as to who will be taking responsibility for the equipment. Eg; Wiki update, instructions/induction materials, machine setup. Meka claimed responsibility for them.
- **Craig: HSBNE Housekeeping**
  - Consumables
      - There is a new wiki page for the space consumables, add any that might have been missed and it will be updated with added information for ordering more and stock levels. (eg tape, toilet paper, allen keys, cleaning products.
   - Stocktake
      - Emily is helping organise this, but is looking at more people to help out so message her. Finn volunteered.
      - Plan to sit down with each cause leader and discuss what items should be counted.
      - Need a stocktake for insurance purposes, but also clean out unneeded stuff, loaned items or trash.
   - Agenda Topics Change
     - Wishing to add the following topics to the regular agenda;
  >- Maintenance tasks: identifying maintenance that needs to be done
  >- Improvement tasks: "hey we could do this..." (how we can improved and what we can do to achieve this)
  >- Upcoming events: things that are approaching over the next few weeks announced two meetings before the event date.
  - The first two are mostly keeping the information out there, anything brought up could be added to the trello boards.
  - Was pointed out that the Maintenance tasks and Improvement tasks could be grouped, however was rebutted with maintenance being routine things, whilst improvement would be requests. However another point was that these would be negated with proper use of the trello board.

## General Business:
 - Mike
   - General reminder to please not park in the quad, it is not a carpark but a workspace. Only exemptions is if you are unloading/reloading or working on your vehicle.
   - If you happen to park there you risk paint from overspray, tire punctures from the loose screws scattered in the quad.
 - Nog
   - Proposing the resubmission for 5 days notice for all votable items for meetings.
   - ~~3 Opposed; 3 Abstaining; Motion Passed~~
   - Due to our constitution as this wasn't an agenda item, this item was an invalid vote. This means it has to be resubmitted for next meeting to be valid.
 - Drew
   - If you have any photos of in-progress or finished projects please send through to the "social" discord channel or directly to drew to be posted for social media
 - Nog
   - Adding on to what Drew said, there is a forum thread asking for people to send through the same photos so it can be added to the website that hasn't had an update in 3 years.
 - Josh
   - Proposing that it is hard to vote on items when members cannot read the exact wording of the change allows for misinterpretation. Josh will go write up this change and submit it to the next meeting for voting.
 - Mick
   - The Air Compressor Is not being turned off; meaning it turns on continuously. Just a reminder to turn them off.

## Voting Summary:
 - **Modifyre Partnership** - 0 Opposed; 6 Abstaining; Motion Passed
 - **Craftpunk Sewing Machines** - 4 Opposed; 7 Abstaining; Motion Passed

## Thanks:
   - Thank you to Craig H for leading equipment by Nog
   - Thank you to Emily for helping out with stocktake by Craig H
   - Thank Lucas for finishing the reflow oven by Alex
