---
layout: posts
title: Marc's first impressions
author: Marc
excerpt: HSBNE is a tinkerer's paradise - it's a place where all kinds of tech enthusiasts get together to design, modify and build things, sometimes for a specific purpose, sometimes just to see if they can.
categories: [blog]
---


What the heck is hackerspace?

A friend of mine is the president of "Hackerspace Brisbane" (HSBNE), and he was pretty keen to get me to come along for open an night to check it out. I'm a bit of a socially awkward person, so meeting new people can be quite difficult for me and I tend to avoid it if I can.

When I asked Jimmy what members get up to he said "All kinds of stuff." This didn’t really answer my question, but I went along anyway. I’m not sure I can describe the group much better than, but here’s my best attempt.

<!--break-->

HSBNE is a tinkerer's paradise - it's a place where all kinds of tech enthusiasts get together to design, modify and build things, sometimes for a specific purpose, sometimes just to see if they can. I really didn't get it at first, but the longer I stayed, the more I wanted to be a part of it. I must have met and spoken to at least 20 people, all of whom were all incredibly friendly and enthusiastic about the group (and their projects). After being there for about 2 hours, I was already involved in the 'biodiesel' experiment.

I've never met so many like-minded people in my life, never mind in one afternoon. The members are of all ages and are very knowledgeable and practical – if you have a problem, whatever it is, somebody there will be able to help.
Not only are the members incredibly helpful, the space is well equipped with donated (or borrowed) equipment. All sorts of tools, hardware, even a couple of lathes, so not only do you get access to some great ideas, but also everything you could possibly need to implement your project.

If you have an idea for a project you want to work on, or just enjoy working with your hands, want to learn something new or are looking to increase your social circle, I highly recommend you come along to an open night and have a look for yourself.


I'm joining next week. Enough said.


Mark
