---
layout: default
description: Discussion around membership issues, coworking rooms, member storage, vandalism, meetup.com
date: 2013-01-15
time:
  open: 20:10
  close: 21:45
author: David Bussenschutt
signed: Brendan Halliday
tally: 16
---

## Agenda

We'll be having a meeting on the 15th Jan. Agenda is:

* Membership under special circumstances consideration (details still being worked on, more at meeting time)
* Solidifying HSBNE policy around the CoWorking rooms
* Update around Port Hack, the Precinct. 
  * Timeline for the future.
  * Financial Status
  * Ideas for the open day to showcase the hackerspace.
* Taking ownership and cost of Meetup.com from Clinton
* Member Re-Inductions
* Member storage crates - policy around extras?
* Vandalism of the space
* Reward of 1 month membership for all non members who have helped with port hack so far.
* Rerecruitment deals?
  * Some way of offering deals to people, ie first month half price. For re-recruiting old members etc.
* Encouraging members to hold classes at HSBNE via cheapening/free membership.
  * (My baseline idea/suggestion here is that every class a member runs that generates more than $n amount for hsbne should take off a quarter of membership for that month. ie, if you run 4 classes a month, or one weekly, your membership could be free, and HSBNE has a net monetary gain equal to or greater than your original membership. All these details to be hashed out however, thats just my thoughts)
* Co-working rooms. rules of use, cost per month, potential for cost to scale according to supply and demand.
* Discussion on the continuation or abolition of the grace period for membership.
* Discussion of role of president ( given Josh's resignation of three days ago) .

---

## Meeting

#### {{ page.tally }} Members Present

* David Bussenschutt
* Brendan Halliday
* Luke Hovington
* Lawrence Dixon
* Joshua Hogendorn
* Sam Pryor
* Eric Reader
* Sean McGrade
* James Churchill

**7 Names missing**

#### Notes

Opened
:{{ page.time.open }}

* Membership under special circumstances consideration (details still being worked on, more at meeting time)
  * this item was removed from the meeting, and will be revised later, if requested.

* Solidifying HSBNE policy around the CoWorking rooms -  rules of use, cost per month, potential for cost to scale according to supply and demand.
  * The proposal is that the two "co-working rooms" ( one of which Jimmy was previously going to "rent", but is no-longer)  will be  made available to member/s who wish to have a more permanent desk area that they can work from, giving them the ability to leave their stuff out a bit more, and essentially "rent a desk" ( or 1/2 desk, see below)  for a period.
  * The current proposal is that member/s who wish to use this facility can pay a nominal amount "extra" ( $10/mo to start with ) , and will be entitled to rent a desk space "by the month".     Since there is a potentially limited number of desk/s and spaces, there will be a "waiting list", and once their is anyone on the waiting list, then each following month ( assuming someone is still on the waiting list) the price will go up by $5/mo additional for all current "renters", until such time as someone decides not to renew, and the waiting list goes away.     If any desk/s are empty for the month, and no-one is in the "waiting list", then the price will go down the following month, by $5/mo.   this is a simple "supply and demand" situation, regulated monthly.       we expect to negotiate this via email near the end of each month, with some simple process to ensure (a) current desk holders can always continue to hold their desk if they continue to pay the revised pricing, and (b) other member/s are kept abreast of the situation.
  * Details of exact number/s of desk/s to be confirmed ( probably between 8 and 16 total ) , and exact arrangements for management to be resolved if approved.
  * The group decided that in the event of a member failing to pay and/or failing to remove their "stuff" at the correct time , and not responding to request or inquiry from the executive or other members, it will result in it being packed up and put into member storage ( with the member/s name and an expiry expiry date on it  - 30 days?  ) , and in the event it remains there after that expiry period, it will be relocated to the "bone yard" ( the unloved-stuff room ) where it may be recycled or reused by others.
  * vote taken:    11 in favour.

* Update around Port Hack, the Precinct.
  * Timeline for the future.
  * Financial Status
  * Ideas for the open day to showcase the hackerspace.
  * this item was removed from the meeting, and will be revised later, if requested.

* Taking ownership and cost of Meetup.com from Clinton
  * meet up memberships: all in favour of paying for it if clint doesn't want to anymore.  
  * unanimous: 16 in favour.

* Member Re-Inductions
  * Due to the new site, imperfect records keeping, new safety requirements, etc.... All member/s will need to undergo an "induction", irrespective of how long you have been a member.    If you have not have not received an induction "pamphlet" , and filled out the revised contact details etc on it, then please do so ASAP with the executive.

* Member storage crates - policy around extras?
  * all members will get ONE crate.  put your  name on *one*, in big writing.  THIS is YOURS,  you own it, with your first membership.   No, you do not get any extra/s if your membership expires and starts anew.
  * if you want more than one you pay for each extra one with a $20 one off fee ( paid as per membership, but advise exec when making payment/s what they are for , eg: "yesterday, I paid $80 for 1 x month membership + 1 crate") , and write your name on it, in big writing.
  * It was also suggested that we mark all crate/s ( especially non-issued ones, but issues ones too )  for tracking ( e.g. a barcode), in addition to member names.  - this will be left to the executive.    first one is free with first membership.   You must put your name on it.     If you don't use one, you don't get a discount or anything, sorry.

* Vandalism of the space
  * please respect the work we put into this place.
  * please empty full bins.
  * please don't damage stuff like benches or tools or computers, or floors, or walls or whatever.
  * be thoughtful of others.

* Reward of 1 month membership for all non members who have helped with port hack so far.
  * those non-member/s who have ( or do) attend specific port-hack "working bees" over the last few month/s may be "offered" a 1 month membership by the exec as a thanks, and an encouragement to become a member.  Are we OK with this variation in fee structure, to permit this to occur?     If you have someone in mind for this, please feel free to recommend them to  the exec, even though they probably already know.   :)     
  * Voted on, all in favour, 16 votes.


* Some way of offering deals to people, ie first month half price. For re-recruiting old members etc.
  * It was suggested the exec could choose to offer a one-off discount for membership to ex-members if it gets them to come back.   
  * The proposal was specifically put forward that the executive could offer at most:  1/2 the current relevant membership rate ( so, $15/mo student/unemployed, or $30/mo normal )  for up to 3 months max, with it never being offered more than once per person,  no further discounts apply, and solely at the execs discretion.     
  * May be offered either for new or returning members.   
  * Voted on. all in favour ( 16 members )


* Encouraging members to hold classes at HSBNE via cheapening/free membership.
  * (My baseline idea/suggestion here is that every class a member runs that generates more than $n amount for hsbne should take off a quarter of membership for that month. ie, if you run 4 classes a month, or one weekly, your membership could be free, and HSBNE has a net monetary gain equal to or greater than your original membership. All these details to be hashed out however, thats just my thoughts
  * The proposal is that members be entitled to 1/4 off their standard membership fee ( eg $15/mo for regular members) , for any given month in which they run a "class" or "fundraiser" or equivalent in which they make  for the group, or donate to the group more than that amount, as a result of class fees , etc.
  * you could run up-to 4 classes per month and get totally free membership, assuming each class returns at least that much to HSBNE anyway.
  * For classes with large overheads, or uncertain attendance, some sort of pre-pay / booking system is probably going to need to be setup , so please let the exec know if you are thinking of running one of these.
  * not yet voted on as it's a bit uncertain yet... but maybe next meeting?

* Discussion on the continuation or abolition of the grace period for membership. - this is an ongoing discussion ( mostly on-list ), but please note that we hope to revise the specific/s of this as soon as we can be sure we've got them "right" - this will come to a vote later, once a draft has been worked-up.


* Discussion of role of president ( given Josh's resignation of three days ago) . we have had a few people come forward and offer to do the role of "interim" president, and the current exec ( Luke and Nog ) will be making this decision as soon as they feel they can.    we can run without one of the executive for upto 30 days.

* markets next door open on 20th april.  - interactive things at the markets are encouraged, please get involved if you can, and try to have your ideas and things solidified and ready by the 1st April.

Closed
:{{ page.time.close }}

#### Records

Minuted
:{{ page.author }}

Signed
:{{ page.signed }}
